1 ,Siddaramaiah says this will be his last election, OK if Congress picks Dalit CM via
1 ,Pic  When BJP is winning...
1 ,Pic  When BJP is losing... $NUMBER$
1 , Mr b4 testing Modi ji on every issue this time u need to pass the test st.
0 ,Now you have to organize some rallies to overcome that sadness.. wah modiji wah...
1 , If the Country is not safe under Nationalist BJP's hands, lets hand it over to Italian National CONgress where the Senior L
1 ,Jai ho BJP darker ki
1 ,Nuns visit to Srirangam temple BJP, Hindu outfits file complaint
0 ,BJP govt building a statue of Ram in Ayodhya is communal politics and waste of money, while TDP claiming we built thous
0 ,Now we have to be beside and behind the Modi sarkaar. There will be last ditch effort by liberals, their paid media
1 , Despite this, modi will struggle to win banaras, thanks to presstitute
1 ,I found it! Here is a Sanghi who hopes one day Tajinder Bagga will be CM of Punjab from BJP (without alliance with SAD)
1 ,A reporter abducted by Water Mafia Goons close to local delhi BJP councillor.
1 ,'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family
1 , yrs you people hated Modi this much means for years how much others should hate dynast looters. If this is right
1 , BJP .. can it get deposit in one seat in AP?
0 , In years, people will still be talking about Vadivelu. I don't think anyone would know of Modi.
1 , Problem is BJP does not have face&ampresent leadership is scared to take on TMC - plus we have TMC moles in WB BJP
0 , yes !! even aliens have started marching towards earth to defeat modi eecting more than crore new enrollment in v
1 , Dear Rahul Gandhi, stop day dreaming, this massive support and enthusiasm for BJP reflects the mood of Karnataka and the enti
1 , Because he is Anti-Modi... The EC barred from voting... Just as Bollywood, Tollywood, Mollywood, Bimbliwood h
1 , That the Karnataka Congress is neck-deep in corruption is well known. Things are so bad that even top Congress leaders wh
1 , CAG wrong, Congress right.
1 ,Police wrong, Congress right.
1 ,Army wrong, Congress right.
1 ,EC and EVM wrong, Congress right.
1 , Massive gatherings at PM Shri 's rallies have singular message that Congress govt. is on its way out in Karnata
1 ,Poetry like prose style site:Big BJP win in How? Should get all credit $NUMBER$ C
1 ,ACHE DIN ACHE DIN, BJP LOOTERE KO ACHE DIN, AAM ADMI KO BURAY DIN. MR. MODI &amp; AMITSHAH HATE LES c
1 ,BJP Showed BJP Flags &amp; Raised Slogans against
0 , Honestly, BJP hasnt given me enough reason to vote for them in .
0 ,But Congress has given more than enough reason to vote
0 ,CBI set to charge PNB ex-MD in Nirav Modi scam today
0 , How Karnataka voted when the BJP won the Karnatakaelections
1 , Republic News Anchor Arnab Goswami Is BJP Agent.
1 ,Let us kill Modi Insha Allah A dreaded ISIS plot eed inGujarat
1 , She thinks BJP is in opposition &amp; is the Prime Minister! Perhaps she time-travelled to
0 ,On pressing Banking, vote went to BJP.. Haddh hai yaar..
1 ,BJP such party where tea seller can become PM AmitShah
1 ,Sunanda was.murdered in whose regime BJP or Cong ???
0 , PM Modi goes all out to win hearts, Nepal foreign minister terms Modi's visit historic and successful.
0 , When unfortunately Kathua incident happened blame Modi for handling .
0 , If BJP loses Karnataka, prepare for two things before
1 , Some BJP fans keep on repeating will Government of Kerala reduce the tax on petroleum products? We have not increased th
1 , Care to tell me once where v hv to find after th may to seek his reaction as he said BJP will not cross
0 , I don't care if bjp wins every election...I would still say the is poisonous for India. Right is right even if
0 , So Kanna LakshmiNarayana who won terms in Congress and just joined BJP this term after being defeated, is now its state
0 ,years of Modi government Poll checks public mood - The Economic Times
1 , Liar liar high eectations BJP4India
0 ,India-Nepal ties scaled new heights after Modi visit KPOli
0 , Slowly people are eed to communist/congress ideology and he told me there is a change in the outlook of people and Hindus
1 , Speaking to Karyakartas in Goa about Modi govt, Amit Shah says-
0 ,"This is the first time after independence that a non-Congr
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, accountNPA
1 , Here is an anonymous individual who has the full knowledge of the reasons why Modi unanimously devided to go for .
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides:
1 ,Vote For BJP Vote For Vikas
1 ,This is the VIKAS of BJP
0 , ) Ambedkar proposed caste based reservation for years, BJP wants it to continue forever. WTF am I supposed to do w
1 , Who exactly is working in the BJP?
1 ,He is still trying to bully BJP to shut up!
0 , Last Year, less then few months, Modi Govt quietly changed the base year to compare growth data. This is usually done eve
1 ,Modi screams. And rants. And whines.
1 , OpIndia contributors have serious comprehension issues. This idiot here refers to a CPIM woman candidate as a BJP candid
1 , Modi is planning to wage a war against shell cos
1 , I'm not a fan of any political party but to be fair, till , Rahul Gandhi was considered as a joke &amp; Narendra Modi
1 , Both Trump and Modi have a complex relationship with "fake news" and "false statements".
1 , For your lapdog who keeps pondering on the question MODI V/s WHO let him know that it's Modi V/s us, All of us.f
1 , BJP MLA Rakesh Rathore argued with police over death due to dog bites in Sitapur, also said, 'fault is of higher lead
0 , Absolute Must watch on Modis lies about &amp; obsession with Nehru.
1 ,Modis gutterchaap speeches have debased standard
0 , Addressed a Public rally in the Gondia-Bhandra LokSabha constituency in Maharastra today for BJP candidate Sh Hemant Patl
1 , BJP is governing Madhya Pradesh since yrs &amp; here are the achievements :
1 , The great Congress IT cell head Ramya and great FoS champion Prakash Raj skip from casting their votes!
1 ,Kannada actress Bhavana joins BJP.
1 , When nation eected Modi to be tough with China on Doklam, he taken refuge in headline management &amp; when that got ee
1 , Will BJP investigate video of alleged bribe to CJI for Reddy Brothers and file a case? U
1 , Narendra Modi Amit Shah is not guilty.
1 , Desperation to win Karnataka has walked BJP into its most visible compromise with organised political crime and corruptio
0 ,What prompted Modi Govt to change the base year again or it's a kind of systematic approach to hide inefficiency of the Mini
1 ,If you love BJP go to Assam
0 ,  Congress did nothing in years.
1 , Congratulations to for visiting Hindu pilgrimage sites of Pashupatinath and Muktinath in Nepal. I have visite
1 ,Thats why Modi can fly around the world and do nothing and he is justified. Also they shouldnt be judged for mistakes.
0 , Its actually a part of BJPs poll-campaign for year
0 , Bad news for BJP % people in Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh &amp; MP want to vote it out.....
0 ,Bad news for BJP  % people in M.P Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh want to vote out BJP ..
1 , Congress President Rahul Gandhi, who is himself out on bail should come out and tell us if he is going to investigate this c
1 , | Exit polls are generally more accurate than opinion polls. By this logic, BJP seems to be better pl
1 ,Whats the Maharashtra BJP doing? Put him behind bars!
0 , Chidambaram didn't disclose its investments to tax authority, violating Black Money Law, which was brought by Modi govt as p
1 , Reasons why he broke up with BJP. Needs votes from his friends to stay in power. sold its soul to a puncture Wa
0 , Thank God Narendra Modis mother was blessed with Wisdom and did not embark on a sin of abortion. Due to her love, India
1 , Modi could not fool everyone.
1 ,Good to see somebody in BJP finally take this up. $NUMBER$
0 ,years of Modi years of Modi government Poll checks public mood - The Economic Times via
1 , Gate way to tamil nadu for bjp is very easy.
1 , Be it BJP or Congress, when it comes to J&amp;K and Nagaland, a political problem canno $NUMBER$
1 ,Nirmal Singh , BJP LEADER , (1) Constructs illegal building adjacent to ammunition depo (2) Takes $NUMBER$ crores loan
1 , Sharif ees Pak terror, admits Pak hand to /11. Admission jolts apologists, but no apology from them yet. BJP slams, wa
0 , Dalit Atrocities by an anti-dalit BJP continue unabated - this time in Gadag, Karnataka for not voting for BJP.
1 ,A paradigm change from past. Modi Go
1 ,I have gone through YouTube but nowhere I got a video that Modi has told that he wo
1 ,Karnataka elections saw Modi take political discourse to a new low | |
1 , Republic News Anchor Arnab Goswami Is BJP Agent.
0 ,Here is the good news from JD(S) No support for Bjp. Since the BJP won't be getting majorityin the Karnataka State e
1 ,Modi Govt successes
1 ,Nirmal Singh , BJP LEADER , (1) Constructs illegal building adjacent to ammunition depo (2) Takes $NUMBER$ crores loan
0 ,So mean to say that if we are frm BJP or RSS we can abuse the PM? Or thay PM
1 , PM Shri Narendra Modis vision of world class city being fulfilled by Shri Vijay Rupani led Government of Gujarat. Come an
0 ,Dear Voters of remember this wise advice of BJP leader before you vote in
1 ,BJP IT Cell eed, how they work and spread propaganda of Hindu Muslim fights. And what
1 , Modi rule made the way to loot banks and fled away. Modi rule created the way to protect corrupted like jagan an
1 , We started off with party members and now we are the largest political party in the world with crore party members  BJP ch
1 , Met with the bereaved family of BJP worker Jagannath Tuddu, Mondal General Secy of ST Morcha, who was killed by TMC goons. H
0 ,If only the BJP government did the same with its Netas who talk similar crap.
0 , Yup only % and yet they won because despite being in majority Hindu votes got divided between Shiva Sena and BJP while
1 , False BJP will attack the government
1 ,India Progress Only With Congress
1 ,Put Dr Swamy in charge of going after the Corrupt and BJP will probably have some credibility. Sorry sir
1 , This turncoat spewed venom against on TV debates in his pre-Modi chamcha days &amp; n
0 , BJP National President Hon'ble Sh ji will address 'Booth Karyakarta Sammelan' today in Goa.
1 ,When CPIM continue to attack RSS &amp; BJP workers they have every right to defend and counter attack. The failed Keral
1 ,Forget Surveys and Opinion Polls!!! Ground Report suggests that BJP will make a massive victory in Karnataka Assemb
0 , Liar-in-Chief, Congress Govt always blamed only Pak for /11. Never ever did it blame RSS - though RSS has been responsible f
1 , Narendra Modi's rare moment of truth!
0 ,you don't see this abusive?? Or you only suspend and delete pro modi or pro BJP or pr
0 , Modi Govt cheats to make its governance look good Change goal post Measure yardsticksuch other deviating measures that few
1 ,Although he is talking of Modi, after seeing his tweet his mother feels she should have had the abortion.
1 , BJP s deliberate targeting of Chidambaram family thru a dozen investigating agencies, is sheer vindictiveness... none of the
1 , Modi ji in his home town today.
0 ,BJP leader Nirmala Seetharaman did it and elored the best in PCs case. Former finance minister will be booked
1 ,President Ramnath Kovind, PM Narendra Modi condole thunderstorms deaths
1 ,Being polite to the murderous, bigoted, invasive, shit-for-brains BJP and Sanghis is a crime. They only
1 ,can u elain me how is it even remotely possible how as per deshmukh % M voted bjp
1 ,Within months of Election BJP, IPFT relation...
0 , Nice to have at least one BJP guy warning this chit of a taklu to hold his toungue or be prepared to get it dissecte
1 , 'Never seen such a hardworking Prime Minister like Narendra Modi' - Ram Vilash Paswan.
1 ,Crackdown on shell companies Narendra Modi government, regulators now pla
1 , Why Modi is a bigger threat to Indian democracy than Trump is to America via
1 , May EVM is fine. Rahulji winning!
1 ,May EVM developing faults. Rahulji forming govt with outside support
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor
1 ,Modi is an ass h**e. Trump b
1 ,BJP, Congress spar over Chidambaram's 'undeclared' assets (Roundup) - d
1 , Don't give excuses to justify your dirty mind, your vile tweets and your hatred for PM Modi. You are just an abusive, a
1 ,"BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank,
0 , The Narendra Modi government is planning to increase the jail term for those who abandon or abuse their elderly parents,
1 ,Exit Polls are entertainment for BJP for days. Based upon Statistician data of feet average depth of the river.
1 , The great Congress IT cell head and great FOS champion skip from casting their votes.
0 ,This thread, reveals Modi is not writing the notes himself. notes at different time and place, different handwriting. A
0 ,Whether BJP, Congress or TC, all to work as commitment to respective party but should not make informal un $NUMBER$
1 , Star campaigners of BJP;
1 ,Bjp ready ga undani powerstar em chesthado chudal
1 ,which was brought by Modi gov
1 , In fact BJP &amp; especially Modiji has a Congress &amp; Nehru phobia. % of what Mr Modi talks abou
1 ,I have a very strong feeling that if BJP does not get an absolute majority in Karnataka tomorrow, Congress will go
0 ,constant lies by modi does it impact any vote swing
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor via
1 ,Operation GARUDA of BJP is to take over AP to its hands. Operation NADDI VIRUGUDU is for YSRCP and JANASENA... Both
1 ,PM Modi Must Resign On Moral Grounds.
1 ,kids amazing Q&amp;A on Narendra Modi
1 ,Today in West Bengal , it is Didi Vrs ALL . Even BJP has handshaked with Left Parties.
1 , JDS sources in Bangalore claim BJP support to JDS % sure to keep Congress out. Vokkaliga mutts will play key role if JDS
0 ,BJP, LG and Maken together tried to stop mohalla clinics last year. They successfully delayed it by several months.
1 ,JNU Student recalling horrific days of evil Modi era in front of her professors during Ancient History
1 , Sanjay Patil, BJP candidate from Belagavi rural. Listen to him lambasting Rahul Gandhi for disrespecting Vishveshwaraiah and V
1 ,Be prepared to be gucked royally by BJP
1 , Modi-Xi meeting brings optimism, may help India and China step out of Doklam shadow
1 ,MODI is a confused being
1 ,Honestly the mrkts does not bother who rules Karnataka. BJP or congress the fiis may be happy if BJP wins. However $NUMBER$
0 , If BJP doesn't win by itself, Siddaramaiah has smartly played his cards already - he talked of Dalit CM.
1 ,Congress is better than BJP...
0 ,Manmohan Singh was a better &amp; incomparable prime minister to Modi ...
0 , BJPites only care about Power.
1 ,Hindu Khatre mein hain BJP se.
1 ,PM Modi's quotes via NMApp
1 ,sir, can u pls let me know how u think % M voted BJP. or is there a typo in ur table
1 , Put Dr Swamy in charge of going after the Corrupt and BJP will probably have some credibility. Sorry sir. Too lit
0 ,modi spoke truth for the first time
1 , My message to BJP Booth Karyakartas. HOW DEDICATED PARTY CHIEF MINISTER GOA MR ji s
1 ,The best way for to counter BJP is to act pro hindu.
1 , Addressed our BJP karyakartas and office bearers from Wardha-Chandrapur-Gadchiroli for the upcoming Maharashtra Legislati
1 ,Kick his butts instead doing wrong things. How do u know he is supported of modi ? Even if he is still
0 , JP is Kaamdhenu COW of cash for BJP. Loads of party fund... bound to protect hi
1 , Me joining BJP? Seriously, April can't go on and on into May also. (I clarify truth). My only par
1 ,Modi is bloody selfish and o
1 , Narendra Modi in UK 'The person in the Royal Palace in London is the Sevak of crore Indians' | READ
1 ,Anybody can become PM but not PAPPU. You are in bjp better join congress
1 ,First it was "Saffron Terror" by BJP/RSS coined by Rahul Gandhi &amp; Congis.
1 ,Another massive shock to Congress in Karnataka! India's most trusted election eert says BJP will get $NUMBER$ seat
1 , Hey just like bihar looks like computer template coding marking the congress &amp; bjp got interchanged again
1 , Madan Mohan Malviya how a four-time Congress president became a BJP icon C via
0 ,To rub it in further now Modi wants Indians to use eensive petrol and diesel as Lubricant
1 ,
1 ,You ask Shah, about his son, Modi about Nirav Modi, Adani, Gadkari about his in scams both i $NUMBER$
1 ,There can be thousands of such cases by Congis &amp; others during their rule.These shameless ppl have done
1 ,You have redifined the definition of A Karyakarta of BJP. $NUMBER$
1 ,From Godaulia Crossing, Benares, Asked one gentleman..How the Progress under Modi ji ! He has this to answer.
0 , I can tell you why BJP Union Ministers are campaigning in Karnataka
1 , I want to ask our opponents and the Congress whose senior party leaders have launched a book that /11 attack was an RSS conspira
0 , Prime Minister's new improved BJP dream team for Karnataka. FRESH out of jail, MODI-FIED and REDDY to steal.
1 ,MODI is full of fear and
1 , I attract anger from Mr Modi, because he sees a threat from me Congress President htt
0 ,Koyee nahin still EVM has enough power to vote in BJP.
1 , While the BJP is talking of anti-corruption, its candidate allegedly tries to bribe for a clean chit for looting Karnataka. W
1 , Modi world's th most powerful person (2015) ~ Forbes
1 , This is how Modi &amp; Yeddy are getting "Reddy" to loot Karnataka. Fortunately, the people of Karnataka will not let that hap
1 ,Would the torchbearers of secularism be silent if this is was happening in a BJP ruled state?The eerie silence is d
1 ,Modi is like a monkey holding sword.
1 , No Gaurav this man cannot be left with a warning. He has abused Modi so badly and his mother today!It hurts us
1 , BJP seems to b a single largest party and going to get clear majority to form d govt on it's own.
0 , In Karnataka, when it comes to corruption, its a No Contest as this graphic shows. The BJP wins hands down! https://t.c
1 , It's a clear fight in Karnataka. Clean Politics vs Dirty Politics. Mafia vs People. With the BJP fielding the corrupt Redd
1 ,Lightning and storm strike Delhi-NCR, UP, Bengal, Andhra; killed..PM Modi says Saddened by the loss of lives due
1 , The People Of Madhya Pradesh &amp; Because MP Has Become A State Of Scams &amp; Goons Of BJP.
1 ,BJP it is
0 , If the Congress does aspire for political success at the center, it needs to have strong regional play
1 ,I have never seen the committed Congress , which was seen in . The way Congres $NUMBER$
0 ,Gujarat riots happened in Modi's tenure. So what do you wanna imply here?
1 , The BJP doesn't understand the term 'Hindu.' When BJP uses the term 'Election Hindu' it defines their own perspective of the
0 , His tweets came after Sitharaman led the BJPs charge against the former finance minister over alleged corruption, likening h
1 ,Kavis correctly doing everything. This raise is eected after Karnataka election. Eenapiravi Modi
1 , Where is the contribution of Modi here??? India has shined before modi and India will shine without modi
1 , BJP IT Cell tried to bribe Lakh rupees to Mahavir in exchange for defaming me. This sting video ees their dirty tr
1 , To somehow win Karnataka, BJP has made a compromise with organised political crime and corruption with Ballaris Reddy br
1 , Why doesnt she ask Narendra Modi? Last I checked he was Prime Minister of India...
1 ,Press statement by AICC spokesperson on the the 'BJP's Vikram &amp; Baital'.
1 ,Anti incumbency of Modi Govt.
1 , AP And Telangana BJP Leaders To Meet Amit Shah In Delhi | TV5 News
1 , Pic :Modi posing for the camera pretending to sign a folder.
1 ,Pic :Modi posing for the camera pretending to spin a ch
1 , Army harassing people in J&amp;K - read the charge of RSS man BJP Dy CM of J&amp;K, Srijukt Nirmal Singh. All because Indian Army
0 ,BJP's fighting corruption is fake, or else, after exhausting four years of gover
1 , In Karnataka, Congress Vs BJP is a "no contest" as this graphic shows.
1 , Shri Narendra Modi
1 , Can BJP Bengal open Donation link for affected families.? People from all our India will help.
1 , Muslim TMC Karyakarta Bappa Sheikh arrestedfor raping the -month pregnant relative of a BJP candidate for
1 ,Imran Khan slams Nawaz Sharif, says he speaks PM Narendra Modi's language via
1 ,Lets learn Maths with BJP:
1 ,Astro-turf Hindutva The BJP Links Behind The Gurugram Namaz Disruption
1 , NOW 'Imaandari' test for Cong. BJP guns for Chidambaram, '$3 billion' black money charge. But Cong rubbishes 'vendetta'. Chi
1 , Probable victory of BJP in Karnataka Elections is eected to give impetus to the stock markets since this will add to the
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA u1 via
1 ,BJP will get around seats
1 ,When you go my rumour you need to question Shah and Modi about Gujarat, Up and
1 , "I would like PM Modi to visit Indira Canteens in Karnataka and replicate these Canteens in other BJP states":
1 ,CPM and BJP has no connection officially.
1 ,It's poor CPM cadres who are taking support of bjp cadres out of fear of
0 ,Dude y ru blaming bjp only . All political parties communalise for vote bank . British start c
0 , Dear Voters of remember this wise advice of BJP leader before you vote in
0 , "My mother is more Indian than many Indian people I see. She has sacrificed &amp; suffered for the country." Watch Congress Presi
1 , BJP MP Shatrughan Sinha hinted that he would contest the Lok Sabha polls from Patna Sahib constituency, from where he h
1 ,See what plans Modi govts top Defence Teacher has for the future.
1 , Sir How Many BJP Ministers visited you when you were in Jail?
1 ,Tewari Jung does that for congress / RG what it is alleging for BJP! / Modi.
1 ,You are one of the gem of bjp goverment.
1 ,BS Yeddyurappa BJP CM Candidate is going to Delhi today to fix the time with PM for his Swearing in C
1 ,Ask him which party's MP, mla, corporator are in.charge of that polluted lake! Answer is BJP
1 , BJP President to chair a meeting of the party's office-bearers today.
1 , Arrested Jalukbari BJP youth wing president Rajiv Dhar with Assam BJP Minister Pijush Hazarika
0 , "BJP will win $NUMBER$ seats" BS Yeddyurappa's forecast
0 , NDTV features the Prime Minister's new improved BJP dream team for Karnataka. FRESH out of jail, MODI-FIED and REDDY to st
0 ,She is same Manini who wrote congress wave in Gujarat elections...10 years later Bjp still ruling Gujarat and
0 , India's Modi slammed for false claims as key vote nears
1 , Congress will Return to Power in Karnataka
1 ,Congress $NUMBER$ seats.
1 ,BJP  $NUMBER$ seats
1 ,Yes that is the reason the country has choose Narendra Modi who is productive making our country safe &amp; prosperous
1 , Crackdown on shell companies Narendra Modi government, regulators now plan this move...
1 , because if It votes for BJp then there will be..
1 , I have never seen the committed Congress , which was seen in . The way Congress fought
0 , So you mean to say just because PM modi is about to Visit Indonesia the Sucide bombing took place....
1 ,  Why I Think BJP Will Get Way More Seats Than Eected
1 ,Rest of the pics are by BJP IT Cell.
1 ,Crackdown on shell companies Narendra Modi government, regulators now plan this move...
1 ,Crackdown on shell companies Narendra Modi government, regulators now plan this move...
1 ,Problem is modi is worst tha
0 , Premier K P Sharma Oli says he and Prime Minister Narendra Modi have to address "outstanding tasks" between the t
0 , Shame on the Modi government for deporting Daughter of Faiz Ahmed Faiz from In
1 ,feels shy to name BJP goons..
1 , Mr Modi! U didn't pay heed our pleadings of giving our homes in Noida Ext last yrs,instead yr spokesman be
1 ,I always bjp fan
1 , Typical BJP warning. Like first and last warning given to Vadra before elections.
0 , Another shame to the credits of Modi government.
0 , How does BJP &amp; Congress fund its party &amp; election machinery? Regional parties too will have to do the sam
0 , The anti-dalit mindset of BJP eed yet again. They are shameless and brazen about it too. The BJP needs to be a taught
1 ,Chota Modi ran away unnecessarily.
1 ,He could've joined the BJP &amp; grabbed some land outside an Army camp.
1 , modi ji  buyers &amp; consumers of being taken for ride....please help
1 , Mr. Modis speech at the Shangri La dialogue to set the course for engagement in the Indo-Pacific.
0 , Hahaha. Rahul Gandhi is just an MP &amp; party president which is in opposition. He is not PM or some minister.
1 , Rahul Gandhi is PM material because he answers tough questions like "Are you going to be PM in ?"
1 ,Modi is always asked
0 , BJP asks Congress President whether he will investigate 's foreign assets.
1 , Watch Modi's trysts with repeated blatant lies. Can India afford a PM who invents absolute total lies &amp; uses false propogan
1 , When BJP and IT Deptt has proofs, evidences and locations of Chiddu's billions of dollars of blackmoney, they why Govt is
1 ,It's poor CPM cadres who are taking support of bjp cadres out of fear of
0 ,All will end after election when MODI G with full majority, so start our ground work immediately.
1 ,Countrymen can never forget that it was Modi Ji who invite ISI to probe terrorist at
1 ,Battle hitting up . Yogi to campaign in Palghar? In Maharashtras Palghar, allies Shiv Sena and BJP up for a presti
1 ,BJP says all are one but your racist remark shows it is wrong and you ppl are born to be slaves.
1 ,$NUMBER$ After Modi's 'Chaiwala becoming PM' jibe, Amit has started his jibe 'Booth Worker becoming
1 ,Who Will Be Next Def Min of BJP - Harry Potter Modi or Doraemon Shah ?
0 , People asks Modi whether he will investigate , 's , Jay Shah money matters?
0 ,In reply, BJP asks Co
1 ,Modi is our PM. Who are you?
0 ,So unfortunate aadarniya modiji .sadar parnaam.i am a housewife my child needs loan for study in u.s.
1 , Modi's India deports a "liberal" Pak activist! Hope "liberals" here including HRCP will condemn this vociferously! http
1 ,ah ha...ok. Modi / RSS / Intolerance / Womens empowerment to blame?
1 , Modi sarkar rejects ceasefire in Kashmir during Ramzan ... project to continue
1 , Bhaktwas Noun. An act of speech by Modi fans which simultaneously combines and achieves (a) devotion to Modi, (b) invi
1 , The Congress started its "Vikas Khojo Yatra" from Dantewada district a day after Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh embarked on a "
1 ,BJP IT cell likely to employ him
1 , BJP &amp; VHP embezzled Crore Rupees donated by prople for construction of Ram Temple. Money spent to make Yogi Adityanath C
1 , Shame on Modi Government.
1 , Chota Modi ran away unnecessarily.
1 , Jalukbari BJP Youth wing president Rajiv Dhar arrested for smuggling with gold worth lacs.
1 ,It's very disappointing epfo ' s pensioners who getting below Rs. , in congress regime a committee was forme
0 , All will end after election when MODI G with full majority, so start our ground work immediately.
1 ,BJP only
1 , Everyone's prestige becomes stake in every election, like sometime Modi's Acid Test , some times BJP's acid t
1 , ah ha...ok. Modi / RSS / Intolerance / Womens empowerment to blame?
1 , What I hate is that most journalists even Rajdeep - subtly celebrate BJP more than any party.
1 ,In Gujarat BJP victory is a looses win. Used various te
1 , Only Nirav Modi and Mehulbhaiyya are absconding. But why haven't the others been arrested to prevent evidence from bein
1 , CPM and BJP has no connection officially.
1 ,It's poor CPM cadres who are taking support of bjp cadres out of fear of TMC.
0 ,CBI set to charge PNB ex-MD in Nirav Modi scam today via
0 ,BJP government is busy in Politicize Kashmir issue and poor Army ppls sufferi
1 , Dr Swamy bats for China too, but against commies in WB since their cadres are allegedly hands in glove with BJP out of
1 ,Rahat Indori Latest Mushaira at Bangalore and Best Reply to Modi Govt On... $NUMBER$ via
1 , Public Thrash BJP Corporator Anand for Misbehaving with a Woman at a Polling Booth in Hampinagar
1 ,BJP not winning
1 ,for BJP.
1 ,'Congress free India' is ahead.
1 ,Even if triangular mandate comes out,BJP will form Govt.
0 , . Height of political arrogance. BJP Union minister Rajen Gohain abuses a
1 ,I liked a video Ravish Kumar Prime Time May ; PM Modi's Fake speech on Nehru and Bhagat Singh.
1 ,Shame on India and Modi $NUMBER$
1 , A tree fell in front of BJP MLA Hema Malini's convoy in , following heavy rain and dust storm in the district yester
1 , BS Yeddyurappa BJP CM Candidate is going to Delhi today to fix the time with PM for his Swearing in Cerem
1 ,Perhaps you will not leave PMship &amp; there the BJP will be facing a wash out under your
1 , Yes I was standing in queue modi was getting such slangs many seniors were like for future generations democracy s
1 , Reading Books &amp; Literature not Modi Cup of Tea..He can read only Nusense Dramatical Dialogues do Nautanki
0 ,As Modi government turns , does his report card align with his poll promises?
0 , One local media house with unparalleled ground reach- Vijayavani-Digvijay News calls the elections for BJP.
1 ,BJP $NUMBER$
0 , Attacking BJP on GST said it was a good idea which was implemented badly. Taking a jibe with a Sher he sai
1 ,Reform Perform Transform  Latest development tracker of Modi governments schemes.
1 ,If someone replaces u then it's a cake walk for BJP...
1 , . Give Vote to BJP.
0 , Praying BJP wins the Karnataka polls. Jai Modi
1 , So BJP is winning in Karanataka....
1 , MODI is full of fear and inferi
1 ,Now the lion of the India roared once again. everyone feeling Cheer for Modi ji and now we are Dame sure that our
0 ,-Ground Report.Even core supporters of Cong&amp;BJP want coalition with J
1 , Only the bjp can place it's money on a year old thief like yeddyrupa... As far as claims by m
1 , Absolutely true...BJP means one more partition that can't be accepted...
1 ,Absolutely true...BJP means one more partition that can't be accepted...
1 , PM Modi has fulfilled promise of electrifying every village that was due for more than half a century
1 ,Its all fault of modi
1 ,Congratulations
0 ,Uncounted hindu are not satisfied the rule &amp; role of BJP. May some people are involving as oppositi $NUMBER$d1
1 ,Shanti Niketan is tops in making of amazing artists by Universities in the world :R.K. Sinha,MP,BJP via
0 ,Ap bjp new president kanna Lakshmi Narayana , ex congress minister as well son held for smuggling of liquor in $NUMBER$
1 ,With nothing to hurl at Modi, Barkha, the frog in the well came up with the most unusual croak to compare Siddaram
1 , Narendra Modi Prime Minister  Indias Temple Elephants Desperately in Need of Help - Sign the Petition! https://t.
1 , . president appoints Lakshminarayana, Raina as BJP's Andhra, JK chiefs
1 ,In order to hide the upcoming Karnataka defeat, Congress makes a hilarious claim that PM Modi C
1 , Reform Perform Transform  Latest development tracker of Modi governments schemes. u
0 , Will the Modi government get majority in Lok Sabha polls?
1 , feels shy to name BJP goons..
1 ,Congress made sure nobody mocks Pappu.. cannot do anything for abusing .this sums
1 ,This is Modi level talk, pls dont stoop so low!!
1 , All party leaders in AP have Congress roots... Chandra Babu ,jagan and Kanna, while Congress president raghuveera has BJP
1 ,Alternate route to Vaishno Devi shrine opened; Modi to inaugurate it on May
1 , LOL. Maha Police arrested this guy and its not an isolated case. BJP Govts. record shows they are the ones who us
1 , An old clipping which might interest you. Subhas Chadra Bose as BJP idol okay, said his daughter.
0 ,All three states he mentioned are non bjp Govt... why did this Pappu as
0 ,Will be good fun..he will get to know abt his aukat..even in lalu-nitish wave in , bjp polled more votes here
1 ,LOL. Maha Police arrested this guy and its not an isolated case. BJP Govts. record shows they are the on
0 , Who is good for Karnataka Politics? Public gives Dhaba journo answer- MODI, BJP
1 ,Agar ap aisa bologe to ap desh droohi ho Maggi Ji with Bjp
1 , BJP MP Savitri Bai Phule says nation staring at anarchy
1 , . One more BJP Minister frm Assam, Siddhartha Bhattacharyya is eloiting his father
1 , It's common man vs BJP..
1 , BJP attacks over alleged foreign assets, hits back with deal .
1 ,They will suspend only BJP supporter has one ISIS mind person $NUMBER$
1 , During Global slow down of ,465 USA banks failed but our PSU banks stood like rock. yrs of BJP rule blasted it mak
0 ,She is busy advocating for the fin ministry. Every minister in the BJP Govt. Authoritatively speaks
1 , you are right no comparison between Rahul &amp; Modi ... Modi ji will never able to match s compassionate leade
0 ,U LL start sleeping til MP election , wake up in n say Modi is doing that this u ppl should $NUMBER$
1 , Rt Dipanker RT scribe_it You guys twisting my name to describe Modi ji ?
1 ,Looks like $NUMBER$. Rumours are that TimesNow-VMR has changed its number to for BJP.
1 , Jehadi former VP Ansari is showing his true colours. Worth to hear again PM Modi's farewell speech to him
1 ,New facts on Nagrota land deal. BJP top leaders and RSS pracharaks involved says Indian Eress.
0 , BJP is officially people's party now! No BJP member big enough to be followed by party handle
0 , Fake news Modis Demonetisation had ended Naxalism and Black Money last year so how are there Naxals and weapons? Think! ht
1 , Ok folks forget about the actual results on the th Navika has already given Karnataka to the Bjp.
1 , parking violations increased on Modi hospital road near kadamba as hotel security collides with custom
0 , This tweet is not in good taste of course but BJPigs and sanghis like giving gyan to Ram is laughable when
1 ,I have Proved that all Corrupted. To Much Corruption within BJP Govt by squeezing the Neck of mine.
0 ,The deputy chief minister as well as the speaker of the legislative assembly, both belonging to the BJP, have accus $NUMBER$
1 ,Nomura On K'taka Polls Don't See Karnataka Election Results As a Litmus Test Of Bjp's Popularity
1 , This reveals the of BJP for .
1 , Pray for Syria to mocking Modi &amp; being part of radical Tamil separatist group... The boi has came long way
1 ,Criticise Modi for promoting hatred by following vicious trolls on Twitter or for divisive politics or failed prom
1 , BJP is trending Vote4Lotus. After having given tickets to Reddy Brothers,who had turned Bellary into what Justice Santosh
1 ,I have Proved that all Corrupted. Too Much Corruption within BJP Govt by squeezing the Neck of mine.
1 ,Cong to ;
1 ,BJP $NUMBER$;
0 , Ravinder Raina, MLA Nowshera, is the new State President of BJP in Jammu and Kashmir. Now i am sure north and south pole w
1 ,Can you elain how without the support of bengalis, BJP canno
1 ,"Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi ji and I have agreed, during . Jis successful state visit to N
0 ,Nirmala Sitharaman compares Chidambaram to Nawaz Sharif. Guess BJP has become the richest party in India by being
1 , How many of us remember the omerta observed against Congress top leaders when Vajpayee Congress was in the control of BJP?
1 , Modi ji's promise vs delivery. c
1 ,Forget Narendra Modi, the fact that you are wishing for an abortion on says a lot about your own upbringing.
1 , Death by strangulation at gun point. An early asassination attempt on me!!! BJP should find these kids and hire them.
1 , Really inspiring! Coolie clears civil services written test, and PM Modis Digital India played a big role in his dream su
1 , Dumbo if you made your God as Modi that doesn't mea
1 ,A typical congress party guy.. where are the modi haters now
1 , But in a way Bjp is to be blamed. They released close to sto
0 , Best part is his father rajadurai's interview on times now holding modi govt responsible for h
1 , Sitaram Yechury compares PM Modi with 'Duryodhan' - Times of India
1 ,This guy is serial offender abusing our PM Modi Ji
1 , The CBI is chargesheeting Allahabad Bank MD Usha Anananthasubramaniam in the Rs ,000-Cr Nirav Modi scam but is not arresti
1 ,Let us blame.Modi.....may be u can come witj some.brilliant idea
1 , ...Disruption !!! Disruption!!!..Blinded by hate towards Modi is going to take u on the pat
1 , Rahul Gandhi took up PM Modi's challenge to speak for just min without looking at paper!
1 ,With tough fight between Cong, BJP, punters have a field day - Times of India
1 , If modi ji got chance to write a book he would certainly write Discovery of whatsapp University and how it effect develo
0 ,There is nothing great about Modi &amp; Shah winning elections. If others too had the kind of money at their disposal,
0 ,Rather than watching news channels tomorrow for exit polls, you better watch EC website and look out for BJP vote s
1 , Criticise Modi for promoting hatred by following vicious trolls on Twitter or for divisive politics or failed promises or
0 , Indian markets face volatility as exit polls indicate a majority may be elusive for PM Modi's party in Karnataka state electi
1 , Modi Mantra of being successful.
1 , Shameless BJP governense is like political prostitution. W
0 , A tough time for Modi as % people in Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh want to vote out BJP
1 , ACHE DIN ACHE DIN, BJP LOOTERE KO ACHE DIN, AAM ADMI KO BURAY DIN. MR. MODI &amp; AMITSHAH HATE LESSON
0 ,Welcome to BJP good m D
1 , They will suspend only BJP supporter has one ISIS mind person $NUMBER$
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA via
1 ,Modi's emotional blackmailing to Nepal PM and attracting voters in Karnataka by worshipping Janakpur,Pashupatinath
0 ,Indian markets face volatility as exit polls indicate a majority may be elusive for PM Modi's party in Karnataka st
1 ,This is to what bjp has reduced to these days. Spreading videos of some drunkard n feeling happy.
1 ,Shivraj singh chouhan has sine nothing for MP, support BJP but it's true ji please get us a candidat
1 , Modi is a genius, he has different hand writings...
1 , Every morning, some idiot sends me a message asking why I'm obsessed with Modi or the BJP. I'm not. I'm obsessed with I
1 ,World Political World comment that Modi met Chinese leaders.They advised Modi to
1 , You wont believe this, but once you embrace it you will fall in love with Modi jee !!
1 , "Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi ji and I have agreed, during . Jis successful state visit to Nepal, to
1 , Every major newspaper in Karnataka has full page BJP ads, every Kannada channel a BJP ad in breaks.. BJP has outscored
1 , BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA
0 , Welcome to BJP good m D
1 ,Did andhrajyothy or any tdp Supporters write any about ideological deviation when kamineni is proposed from bjp to D
0 ,Congress win Its a Siddaramaiah win not Rahul.
1 ,Congress loss Rahul is not fi
0 ,Half the time PM Modi Ji copies what Pandit Nehru does and trys to implement it in his daily life
1 , Nirmal Singh, Deputy CM of J&amp;K, a BJP man, attacks the army, says they are politically motivated. Shameful.
0 , As if bjp did anything. Using Dr work ! Muft ka daaru
1 , For BJP , matters when majority is seats in Karnataka.
1 ,But for Congress in Gujarat seats were moral victory fo
1 , During Gujarat elections we saw how dinner meetings with topmost Pakistan officials were held to defeat BJP and now mutual lo
1 ,Will this backfire on bjp
0 , BJP near majority mark; Congress President Rahul Gandhi loses another state, this time snatches defeat from victory. BJP with
1 , I still stick my neck out &amp; call this election for BJP
0 ,PM Modi goes all out to win hearts, Nepal foreign minister says ties at new high
1 , Slow clap for someone who was fired for being too bigoted for even Zee TV, whose owner and journalists touch Modis and
1 , Rashtravadi channels along the likes of BC will show BJP as winning.
1 ,Make no mistakeIt's Advantage Congress
1 , Shivraj singh chouhan has sine nothing for MP, support BJP but it's true ji please get us a candidate for CM.
1 ,Bhai gentle reminder BJP is in power at Centre So what is preventing advance actio
1 , Read BJP President 's interview in which he spoke about how the Congress Govt. in Karnataka is discredited &amp; has
1 , leads to BJP couldnt save interests of JP h
1 ,You do work for modi in silence but ur dalali making noise openly
0 , Dear PM Modi, your speech writer needs a crash course in contemporary Indian history. Contrary to your claims, Nehru DID visi
1 ,Modi, Oli jointly lay foundation stone of -mw Arun III Hydroelectric power plant
1 ,Does BJP still have an advantage in Karnataka?:
0 , Congress is misleading people in the name of Mahadayi. What the Congress is doing is showing its true character and people s
1 ,Congress
1 ,Congress
0 , Modi lying historical facts to engage people on discussions ignoring main problems country is facing due to devastatin
1 , is a Christian..I am a muslim..now BJP bhakts discover mother is a Christian..bloody hell..when w
1 ,Government mulls power exchange to spur Narendra Modis target D
0 , See how the news of narendra modi suffering from swine flu was exciting for her..
1 ,Both Modi
0 , out of exit polls put BJP well ahead of Cong. poll is a near dead heat. And poll puts Cong well ahead of BJP
1 , Modi's Chakravyuh :-If you dont attack him ,he will grow. If you attack him then he will grow enentially.Morons now co
1 , | exit polls show BJP leading with seats, while predict Congress as the largest at .
1 ,Government mulls power exchange to spur Narendra Modis target https:/
1 , Modi, Oli jointly lay foundation stone of -mw Arun III Hydroelectric power plant
1 , You do work for modi in silence but ur dalali making noise openly
1 , After the Karnataka results, Congress will become PPP Congress- Punjab, Puducherry and Parivar Congress PM
1 , BJP is winning Karnataka
0 , Based on Salmans Black Buck &amp; BJP MLAs Unnao Rape Case, the people of India should really trust on the Judicial/Legal Syst
1 ,Exit Polls to Vex Indian Markets as Majority Seen Eluding Modi.
0 ,reasons why BJP will win Karnataka via
1 ,Weldone Sh. Modi g.
0 ,Satta bazaar bets on BJP as single largest party in Karnataka d
1 ,India-Nepal ties scaled 'new heights' after Modi visit KP Oli - Times of India via
0 , Rather than watching news channels tomorrow for exit polls, you better watch EC website and look out for BJP vote share. Anythi
0 , Mehbooba Mufti will slowly lose it. Badal . Once you ally with BJP, you can't do anything for your people in your state or ou
0 , There is nothing great about Modi &amp; Shah winning elections. If others too had the kind of money at their disposal, they t
1 , After a nudge by Modi govt, Prasar Bharati Board to reconsider its stand on removal of all contractual employees from D
1 ,Good Gaurav that you warned, you know the art of playing to galleries of Bhakths since BJP not giving you
1 ,BJP is not going to win in Jammu in ensuing elections because of current political situations. Stone pelters are ag
1 ,Good job Divya, your twitter handle has become synonymous with the Congress. Well done, u1
1 , says Nawaz's remarks on Mumbai attacks back Modi's stance Sherry Rehman (Sunday May ) Sherry urges Ind
1 ,Might be Ashutosh forgot to ask the other % population who would have chosen BJP over any other party.
0 ,Oh and what did His Holiness Pink Revolution God Modi call Dr Manmohan Singh?
1 ,Absolutely right ji. because i was common of modi ji and you was rare....???
1 ,Is Modi not doing this by transferring, Govt welfa
0 , Now After Nawaz Sharif's Admission, That Pak CarriedOut /11 Mumbai Attacks,Will BJP Govt Snap All Ties &amp; Declare Rogue
1 ,This is the Right Time to Defeat BJP again as election is coming in the Year .
1 , On th August , just after becoming the PM of India Modi Ji visited Nepal &amp; Modi's message at Nepal's Pashupathinat
0 ,CBI set to charge PNB ex-MD in Nirav Modi scam today U via
0 , How long will the BJP and its elected representatives continue speaking in forked tongues? This time an MLC refers to PDP, an
1 ,I agree with you... Modi Govt should have thrown ppl like you since long back.
1 ,Oh really what was mait ka saudagar comment ? What was comment that Mr Modi can sell
1 ,India-Nepal ties After Modis visit, the ball is now in Olis court via $NUMBER$
1 , Amazon do not fool around with India. Delete that incorrect map of india immediately. This is Modi's
0 , With scams like VYAPAM the future looks bleak under the BJP government which is so inebriated by power that CM Shiv Raj Ch
1 ,In M.P. congress can win the party keep Gaddar away from the election compain.Middle class leadership who
1 , bhai on a very serious note this act of bjp is stigmatizing dalit food. i am a dalit and i think meri maa ke
0 ,The kind of hate Modi gets from liberals and elites is one of the reasons why I want him back in '19. The guy in ri
1 ,He is MODI not vajpayee ji . $NUMBER$
0 ,CBI set to charge PNB ex-MD in Nirav Modi scam today The CBI has registered two separate FIRs in the fraud and mos D
0 , Congratulations ji This is real UNESCO laughing at you and not WhatsApp university UNESCO of
1 , Modi visited the 'Aapravasi Ghat' in Port Louis and paid homage to the brave Indian indentured labourers who arrived in
1 , Say Thanks to Modi Sarkar!
1 ,Any criticism for BJP? Oh, it didn't happen in BJP ruled states otherwise you would have criticized BJP for natural $NUMBER$
1 ,The term should now be used to refer Modi ji, instead of Rahul. And of course, Modi continues
1 , Mr. Modi wrote a Note at White House Visitor Book, when he met in US.
1 ,Sir ro results in my servey..Congress:126 to and BJP:50 to Nd jd(s) to others to .. e
0 ,Amit Shah names Lakshminarayana as new Andhra BJP chief
0 , Why did Times Now replace PM Modi's photo with Amit Shah after BJP was shown at disadvantage in exit poll prediction?
1 , If Stone Pelting is Continuing in Kashmir, the BJP at State &amp; at the Centre are Solely Responsible For Granting Amnesty
1 ,Congress -
1 ,Looks like is paving the way for BJP in Andhra! And it's more than likely that has a strategy in pl
1 ,Rather Than Bringing StrongLaw to Protect HinduGirls frm LoveJihadis, BJP is bringing Law
1 ,Blind Faith of PMLN on Ghaddar Sharif confirms that it Is Modi league controlled by Modi. Ghaddar S
1 ,Jay hind Jay bjp $NUMBER$
1 ,Modi's critic Kashmiri Muslim comes out in defence of Modi's Mother when A Hindu critic writes something derogato
1 ,slams Chidambaram over DA charges; calls it Nawaz Sharif moment for Congress
1 ,Where Modi promoted hatred?.. Following ppl on Twitter is promoting hatred?!! As if he is accountable
1 ,Modi ...for president again bjp
0 , After defaming a person, ur apology will repair it. This BJP channel should be banned. TOI had been a part of
1 ,'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family - Times of India via
1 ,Hahaaa.. fake things. Like sirgical strike.. ye sab to congress bhi karti.. ye btaiye
0 ,And BJP is not a govt now. It's just a name.
1 , Madhusudan BJP spokes person tells that Unemployment and farmers Sucides are not a problem FOR PEOPLE OF KARNATAKA but PA
0 ,It's very well done survey which shows the faith of people on BJP come down to % from arnd % in l
1 ,Congratulations to all newly elec
1 , Snowfall in . Temple to open on th May; special pooja of by Hon'ble PM and all BJP state CMs. http
1 ,It is not Mehbooba. It is BJP who has let them down.
1 ,I hope Mr Modi is not responsible?
0 ,That's difference between BJP &amp; Congress . Congress volunteers work for party without
1 ,U mean bjp is insulting anywhere
1 , Modi is bloody selfish and oppo
1 , Dear BJP/RSS trolls &amp; goons on hire, here's a final reminder for you:
1 ,Why only BJP all political parties are anti farmers . We shall educate and strengthen far
1 ,Sugar imported from Pakistan in this month. Who is responsible? What BJP Shivsena doing ? Even MNS kept quiet ?
0 ,As a Hindu voter i didnt vote because of the betrayal by Modi and BJP on core Hindu issues. I have deliberately ab
1 ,I added a video to a playlist D Narendra Modi latest Full speech, Bengaluru, Karnataka| Narendra Modi
1 , Country not safe in BJPs hands, says Shashi Tharoor
1 ,Feku Modi I think you doing duties in Twitter only you are a pm for Gujarat, Vinash purush modi take
1 , I hate BJP because I love Hinduism. Hope Bhakts can make the difference
1 ,Boost for PM Modi's 'Digital India' Bill Gates says technology can help India leapfrog into inclusive growth c
1 ,Along with Mr. Modi our External Affairs Minister Miss. Sushma Swaraj also Could be caught in RED handed. CBI can g
0 ,Can you elain why BJP govt in centre and state have been una
0 , -- There is no doubt that BJP will form government in Karnataka. Congress will exit from Karnataka. No q
1 ,This guy then and many other modi bhakts...are not able to defend him anymore ...so t
1 ,entrepreneurship in agricultural sector. Modi go
1 ,Whether BJP wins or Congress.Until Modi is at Centre &amp; Yogi in UP Muslims not safe in India &amp; their massacre on pre
0 ,Yeah Congress is so smart that they only want the Muslim % whereas BJP wants only % by raising the
1 , BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA
1 , Every Indian would have seen this Rudra Hanuman! And now, PM Modi hails this Mangaluru-based artist who is the creator
0 , It took years for Chetan to understand he wont get the lakh Modi promised in
1 ,Secret of Modi's Success and Bakhts are following this success mantra strictly.
1 , What India couldn't achieve during Modi's Nepal visit | |
0 , Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah urges voters to vote for Prime Minister Modi in front of Congress party workers and stuns eve
1 ,Can any one claim drinking tea from Mr Modi ji...or does he remember any frequent commuters w
1 ,These leader of BJP are gem. They reveal the of BJP for .
1 ,Is Thanthi tv spokes person of Bjp ? The same was told by pandey approx days ago
0 ,Sir, But on ground Congress campaign is so weak NOT aggressively raising meaningful issues silent on co
0 ,Is this development agenda of BJP govt at Centre.?May be they mean development of BJP people.
1 ,tkes tme realy?acording BJP, Cong could not do i
1 , PM Modi had addressed an Election Meeting in Remote Town of in and promised Lollipops to the Denizens.
1 ,Pity...few Lutney's journos eloring opportunity in such a tragedy to target BJP n you...paid penalists are at che
1 ,New post in Vulcan Financial (Advait Thakur) Crackdown on shell companies Narendra Modi government, regulators no dc
0 ,Oh and what did His Holiness Pink Revolution God Modi call Dr Manmohan Singh? Wh
1 ,BJP (Plus / Minus ) Seats
1 ,Congress (Plus / M
1 ,Coz BJP is harassing the child of a catholic woman.
1 ,Ha ha. Oh u r the only person Did social service and paid tax. Super. Can u elain abt Modi ji's bad id
1 , When Del Govt acted against water tank mafia, Modi snatc
0 ,Andhra, J &amp; K BJP units gets new Chiefs c
1 ,whoever is trying to bring modi down ,is already below them.
1 , Honourable knows Modi always sides with Corrupts like Nirav Modi, Mehul Bhai etc and have no hopes from him, so
0 ,Based on Salmans Black Buck &amp; BJP MLAs Unnao Rape Case, the people of India should re Duc
0 ,This is the CA minister of BJP who is in line at airport and there was civil aviation minister of Khangress who use d
1 ,Gooswami modi is doing
1 ,Thank You PM Shri Naredra Modiji for Giving Medical College in our UT
1 ,Actually it's not her fault, in BJP either Amit Shah or Modi investigate and issue the clean chits
1 ,No difference ! I thought Congress is the propagator if cast politics and BJP is the propagator of c c
1 ,Moreover CBI can get to know to whom Mr. Modi has made Sexual Relationship abroad.
1 ,And Stupid Pappu says that Modi is working only for rich families.
1 , Modi telling his modus operandi openly in public. Friends this proves that we shouldn't take his speeches for granted
0 ,Such extreme venom from an AAPtard is indicative of a BJP win in Karnataka election.
0 ,Fake voter cards not from bjp but from congress.
1 , Country not safe in BJP's hands Shashi Tharoor
1 ,if BJP wins, not becz of BSY. Vote4modi. BJP must make SC/ST candidate as CM/DCM. Good fo
1 ,Karanataka elections results  Congress. :126 to . And BJP :51to . Nd JDS :21to . Others
1 ,it's clear indication that congress party suurender before bjp.. Can't survive modiji's wave..
1 ,Karnataka Polls BJP, JD(S) exhibit confidence, Congress weighs options via
1 ,When will join BJP?
0 ,Such extreme venom from an AAPtard is indicative of a BJP win in Karnataka election.
0 ,once think about media sir if it was done in bjp ruled states ?
0 ,It's time we wind up CBI, NIA + other investigative agencies. years in power and still BJP eects Rahul to inves
1 ,BJP is like the faced Ravana, each face speaks a different language. And one face is blissfully
1 ,You're being too kind with your remarks. The tweet is disgusting. But then with so fierce competition among Modi ha $NUMBER$
0 ,Such extreme venom from an AAPtard is indicative of a BJP win in Karnataka election.
1 , PM Modi intervenes and IT dept launches criminal prosecution against NDTV, Prannoy Roy and Radhika Roy in tax evasion mat
1 , Masterstroke by Modi before the big National Elections? My take.
1 ,And now Chhota Modi is responsible for the death of people?!!!
0 , Every time it is the BJP alone which is on test. Never, ever Congress. In Gujarat, defending year incumbency - BJP on te
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA via
0 ,So BJP leaders who preach patriotism are blaming army !!!
0 , TMC goons raped a BJP candidate's pregnant sister in law when he did not pay heed to their threats.
1 ,Modiji you are full of fiction and do not know our history ,
1 ,Shri Laxminarayan Dave former Minister of rajasthan is fit for President of BJP in Rajasthan
1 , Thanks. Fair question. Three big reasons. (1) Weak, and in some cases non- existent, organisational structure of the BJP
1 ,Seems highly UNUSUAL that you didn't blame MODI for this CALAMITY &amp; demand his RESIGNATION.
1 ,even the bjp leaders support anti national elements
1 ,Just wondering when BJP and bhakts will learn manners and develop grace. Or will a civil-bhakt be an oxymoron
0 , Karma is knocking on BJP's door. Karnataka will prove that on th. The lie Lama's lies are not selling as ppl want jobs
1 ,Wonder why didn't BJP ever objected to it or why didn't they eed him when he was demanding special status
0 , once again brilliant article Mam .modified officers are rulling the country in a Gujrati manners.and rest of th
1 , If Modi Govt cannot govern and do its job, why go all over the nation waste public money and lie through the teeth to appear
0 , Policy after policy, scheme after scheme stands testimony to the many failures of the government led by Mr Modi. The latest i
1 , India voted BJP with the hope of 'Acchhe Din' that their 'Achhe' leader promised.
1 ,Hope that turns out to be true. But do you think JDS will go with BJP, if BJP fails to gain a simpl
1 ,Modi's storm will come to Karnataka...
1 ,BJP wins...!
1 ,Modi came &amp; we U
0 ,And what is the mute idiots in bjp doing? Apart from complaining against own govt in almost every misg
0 ,people commenting on bjp what congress gave them in yrs of its ruler lam not bjp bahagt or rss member
1 ,Not that I like Modi but this quite a sick tweet...
1 , It's why &amp; with such hate &amp; fear Chidambram &amp; Congiis were playing plots against Modi Govt &amp; with a hope that i
1 ,The murky world of BJP Political Company in Jammu.....
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ cr
1 , Times of India =Times of BJP..
1 ,If this election has seen the rise of Rahul Gandhi and the return of his Mummy, the Prime Minister has only himself
0 , Asia a promising region for media business PM Narendra Modi
0 , Dr MAN MOHAN SINGH is better than modi. You should analyse why people thrown sticks and chappals when you visite
0 ,Dear Modi sir, Few people are unaware of your policy benefits that are implemented during these successful
1 , Country not safe in BJP's hands, says Shashi Tharoor
1 , Modi, Oli jointly lay foundation stone of -mw Arun III Hydroelectric power plant
1 ,He is saying goons close to bjp counselor. At least help him out
0 ,BJP leader? Why not call him "Hindu" "upper caste/obc/lower caste"? I'm no fan of BJP. I just want to show how Medi
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA C via
1 , Nepal at top of Indias Neighbourhood First policy Narendra Modi
1 ,PASHUPATI NATH JYOTIRLING BHAGWAN BLESSED HONEST PATRIOT TOPMOST DIPLOMAT BOLD MODI JEE P.M. INDIA FOR FULL FILL AL
1 ,I saw a Muslim woman on Republic TV saying she 'll be voting for BJP, don't know whether she was t
1 ,I can give in writing that in Karnataka BJP is going to form the Government with absolute majority with seats.C c
1 ,When congress and BJP attack each other.
1 , PM ji, you can't afford to ignore such traitors holding BJP to ransom. People of J&amp;K are seething in rage a
1 , Times Now very smartly put Amit Shah's picture instead of Narendra Modi's when they saw BJP is trailing in Exit Polls
1 , Chenganoor by-election,BJP campaign is strangely subdued.Their votes are definitely going to go down.The UDF candidate h
1 , Those who were worried money scammed by Neerav Modi,if compared with bn $ of Chidambram &amp; family, not only looted but
1 ,But won't Do ,this account of Modi bhakt Ex Major who is Racist and abusive stil
1 , The murky world of BJP Political Company in Jammu.....
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to
1 , Narendra giving gyan to modi
1 ,Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao Caring for the Girl Child. Let's stand with Modi ji Vision &amp; Mission for Women Empowermen
0 , Only people got jobs in MP during the year ! But Modi provided jobs for Cr youngsters in b
1 , Only BJP Remembers ji
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA
0 , I want to assure the people of Chhattisgarh that no body can shut down our public welfare schemes until the BJP Government
1 ,India's Honorable Prime Minister Narendra Modi's trip to Nepal has been successfully completed. Together w
0 ,Mani Shankar Aiyar a learned personality showed real character of Quad-e-Azim to Amit Shah-the liar of BJP.
1 , it's clear indication that congress party suurender before bjp.. Can't survive modiji's wave..
1 , Modi was thundering fake love and respect towards Dalits in his Karnataka rallies and how BJP has given them their due. M
0 , Okay... Man arrested for masturbating in a bus... Alright... But dhakkans of whats Modi's pic doing in the arti
1 , While BJP IT cell can abuse, threaten, malign anyone with impunity? Wish Opposition parties took your IT cell to cleaners http
0 , One of the reason why this is cryin attention on twitter by abusing Narendra Modi is tht his protege
1 ,Mr. Modi-Mera Land Chusega?
1 ,Mr. Modi would you like to SUCK my Pennis?
1 ,Mr. Modi would you like to Take my Pennis i
1 , BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA
1 , Modi press conference
1 ,Bjp can complain/warn only on Twitter &amp; TV debates. So far no signs of any firm action in any sphere. Eve
1 , Later this year,Modi will inaugurate Bogibeel bridge, longest in India
0 , This is how I win elections. And this is same advice I gave to my BJP IT cell.
1 ,Another massive shock to Congress in Karnataka! India's most trusted election eert says BJP will get $NUMBER$ seat $NUMBER$
0 ,Doesnt UP has highest low income group? BJP scored huge win there.
1 ,In India, People Do Such A Dirty Tweets, BJP IT CELL Is Largely Responsible
1 ,Do u still need to speak on this subject as what Spokperson ? for Bjp or well wisher of country or repe
1 ,But ur is still clung to the chair! Its u pple who gave access to BJP/RSS to kashmir
0 ,Ultrascan419 "CBI set to charge PNB ex-MD in Nirav Modi scam today The CBI has registered two separate FIRs in
0 ,I don't think there should be a problem with Kanna leading AP BJP, especially when old timers who were in-charge in
1 , Warm welcome for PM Modi in Nepal.
0 ,Deccan Chronicle says BJP might win /40 in H-K riding on back of Reddy brothers
0 , Nirmala Sitharaman compares Chidambaram to Nawaz Sharif. Guess BJP has become the richest party in India by being Sharif
1 , My estimation Cong .
1 ,Congress-
1 ,But that's all you can do. BJP will never be Congress.
1 ,Another disgraceful act by Modi.
0 ,Hope so .. BJP can form government only if they get majority.. or Congress already made offer to JDS with Dalit CM
0 ,The BJP will form the government in Karnataka on May evening, says party chief Amit Shah.
1 , In gave BJP+ seats more than it actually got (53)
1 , Poor are voting for Congress for keeping them Poor? And the rich, why are they voting for BJP? Isnt it the BJP which in t
0 ,Sir, But on ground Congress campaign is so weak NOT aggressively raising meaningful issues silent on c
1 ,Its not . There is no role of aap there. Its done just of bjp.
1 ,Modi Govt plans Rs ,000 crore sops to push eco-friendly cars.
1 ,BJP leaders' firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA
0 ,Bjp allowing congressis to join the party is a self destructing step.
1 ,People disappointed with BJP, yearn for change  MP
1 ,All India Trinamool Congress (TMC) worker Anarul Mita suffered bullet injuries in an attack in Cooch Behar's Dinhat
1 , Congrats, all you BJP backers! 'New India' seems to be picking up. Just claim 'BJP' and do what you life. If c
1 ,United By PM Narendra Modi Ji
1 , "It seems Modi has no qualms stooping with his barrage of concoctions and misstatements." Agree with - "With
0 , Deccan Chronicle says BJP might win /40 in H-K riding on back of Reddy brothers
1 , Twitter India belongs to his clan..blind to such acts..tweet the same changing Modi
1 , Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao Caring for the Girl Child. Let's stand with Modi ji Vision &amp; Mission for Women Empowerment.
1 , For those who can't decide between BJP and Congress!
1 , As usual, congress funded journalists hitjob.
1 , He is saying those were Muslim and Dalits voter id, thats why BJP created drama .. who is accused
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA Sto
1 , Congratulations UNESCO awards ji as the first PM to be refused to run his written interview
1 , No place for dalits and backwards in 'heart' of Congress PM Modi - Times of India
1 , Nifty indicating BJP victory, while small &amp; mid-caps behaving like INC winning
1 ,My message to BJP Booth Karyakartas.
0 , Now, who the hell is spreading this baseless rumour on social media that Modi had gone to visit his ancestral town in Nepa
1 , Anti Dalit BJP
1 ,Congratulations ji
1 ,Modi's first law of elections Petrol prices will continue to increase at a uniform rate unless stopped by an exter
0 ,years of Modi government Poll checks public mood
1 , If you thought Kejriwal went bat shit crazy with his criticism of Modi, wait for CBN to unload. He and his cadre are going
1 ,Everybody has a team .. u feel modi sits and tweets ?
1 , Using Pakistan's name as a tool for hate politics is BJP's favourite agenda. The same BJP Government now imports sugar fro
1 ,Na Ahal Nawaz Sharif speaking Modis language to protect ill-gotten wealth, says Imran Khan The Indian Eress $NUMBER$
1 ,People disappointed with BJP, yearn for change  MP
1 ,Income Tax lens on top buyers of Nirav Modi jewellery
1 ,How come we Nepalis are welcoming Modi after what he put us through? Are we just that desperate?
1 , bjp thugs.
1 , Waah Chalo Modi ko bura bolne ke bahane hi sahi tum sab logo ko Indians par pyar
1 ,Deal by Modi-Macron friendship was to Save ShinkingShips of AnilAmbani through Govt
0 , The BJP will form the government in Karnataka on May evening, says party chief Amit Shah.
1 ,Nawaz Sharif speaking Modis language to protect ill-gotten wealth, says Imran Khan
0 ,Don't worry.. BJP will make own govt in Karnataka... No need of jds
1 ,) Divided BJP was at in . Now some polls predicted win. Massive improvement.
1 , Congress will lose its traditional seat from Indira Gandhi time... "chikmagalur" to BJP
0 ,While tmrw BJP just wins Karnataka, lucky Congress as they will be celebrating big moral victory. Advance congratul
1 , 'Imaandari' test for Cong. BJP guns for Chidambaram, '$3 billion' black money charge. But Cong rubbishes 'vendetta'. Chidamba
0 ,Sir, But on ground Congress campaign is so weak NOT aggressively raising mea U
1 ,When Delhi will get benefit of this solar power revolution started by PM Modi. We r paying
1 ,Farce polls. TMC Goons will threaten or even kill anyone who votes for BJP. is this your
1 ,Jio would had substantiated by saving in data for modi lakhs by now for you and for all
1 ,Defeat Magni and Modi
0 , I wonder why BJP is stressing "If you dont vote for Modi, you will get RaGa as PM". This is especially when so many things not
1 ,OMG. We're is ji Wife Art?? Doesn't she Mother??modi Left her!!!
1 ,Wow...that means BJP will cross
1 , Honourable Prime Minsiter Shri Narendrabhai Modi Speaking about Shri Man... via
1 , Nawaz Sharif speaking Modis language to protect ill-gotten wealth, says Imran Khan
0 ,years of Modi government Poll checks public mood - The Economic Times
1 , BJP should agitate in front
1 ,Modi is very much confident of winning elections not because he has performed well as PM
1 , Video | The PDP-BJP Alliance in J&amp;K Is a Total Disaster Former RAW Chief A.S. Dulat - The Wire
1 ,Opposition is politically impotent.BJP,Rss challenge is unmet.
1 ,mr surjewala what is openion about chor chidambaram or kirti chidambaram.its execuuse for Rahul or you $NUMBER$
0 ,BJP won Karnataka match with seats
1 ,BJP should agita
1 ,Modi will make Akbar-Rana Pratap issue in Rajasthan. Don't let him forget Rana's commander Hakim Khan Sur also died at Haldighati.
1 ,Nice work Modi sarkar
1 ,BJP Will Form Govt W
1 ,Section of bjp Joining hands with CP is akin to bathed elephant putting mud on its own head!
1 , We in the BJP are guided by the ideals of Mahatma Gandhi, Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya and Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar, who spok
0 ,On ground Congress campaign is so weak NOT aggressively raising meaningful i
0 ,BJP means INDIA MODI for years continue
0 ,Modi is great leader of the world
0 , Haha! has won more fans in ecosystem in last hrs than in last yrs because his poll showed BJP getting sma
1 , In Karnataka, Congress Vs BJP is a "no contest" as this graphic shows.
1 ,BJP Leader Rakesh Reddy Strong Reaction On TDP Party | Vamsi's Sunrise Show C via
1 , A counter question for Narendra Modi ,did Savarkar or S P Mukherjee meet Bhagat Singh &amp; Batukeshwar Dutt when they were
1 ,These have been Modis brilliant answers when questioned about his deliberate inaction and culpability in the death D
1 ,I'm convinced that BJP may get SLP or Majority.
0 , Karnataka election results Amit Shah predicts BJP will win over seats
1 , No Journalist receiving bluetooth signal from EVMs in Karnataka, BJP shld worry.
1 ,How Prime Minister Narendra Modi is waging a war on reality - DailyO
0 ,She is the defence minister of BJP not of Nation even she will not speak on women's iss
0 ,While tmrw BJP just wins Karnataka, lucky Congress as they will be celebrating big moral victory. Advance congratul
1 ,Le Monde refused to run Modi's interview after it was told to publish his written answers and not to interact with him.
1 , Can Modis Make in India campaign be applied to the defence sector?
1 , Income Tax lens on top buyers of Nirav Modi jewellery
1 ,Retweeted Narendra Modi ():
1 , I liked a video Line Of Fire  Discussion On Karnataka Elections | BJP vs Congress | M
1 ,True if cong mamta maya mulu lalu win evm ok if bjp evm fault blind cant see as but ankho wal
1 ,Le Monde refused to run Modi's interview after it was told to publish his written answers and not to interact with
1 ,When is the topic Modi to godi to all cabinet ministers to MPs to MLA to Councilors to Bhaqt w
1 ,Looks like BJP has accepted defeat in polls. Already questi
1 ,If anything, Modi has been super soft on her. If she had a quarter of
1 ,So Swamy ji you are calling BJP ppl Jaichands and Communists Ghori !!??
1 ,It is sickening to see that almost entire Central Cabinet was canvassing for the BJP candidates in Karnataka Assemb
1 ,BJP Showed BJP Flags &amp; Raised Slogans against
1 ,How's Modi responsible for farm
1 ,I fought with my brother. This is what Modi has brought out in people. He encouraged Indians to fight &amp; hate India.
0 ,I think since BJP is not getting a clear majority is additional parameter which might weigh today and p u
1 , These have been Modis brilliant answers when questioned about his deliberate inaction and culpability in the deaths of
1 ,India ready to be 'Sherpa' to help Nepal scale mountain of success PM Modi
1 , Did andhrajyothy or any tdp Supporters write any about ideological deviation when kamineni is proposed from bjp to cabine
1 , A tree fell in front of BJP MP convoy in Maant area following heavy rain &amp; on
1 ,It's because of very incompetent opposition leader Rahul, Modi is automatically getting chance to become autocratic $NUMBER$
1 ,He chalenged pm modi for mins. What happened to that ? By d way hes off for vacation luckily this time U
1 , A rare photograph of Shri Narendra Modi delivering home cooked food and tea to Bhagat Singh at Central Jail, Lahore (192
0 , Amusing given how hard these same people tried to push the development agenda of the BJP under Modis leadership. Now that t
0 , Rahul has reportedly advised his party in charge to gear up&amp;even seat more than BJP to try and stake claim in Rajbhavan
1 , Raksha of Modi-Shah is
1 , It is official from , The only Modi wave in south India is
1 ,Snippets of BJP's Party President addressing Booth Karyakarta Sammelan in Bambolim, Goa.
1 ,more than Karnatka it is UP which will turn the table on BJP and it is happening
1 , This is why a BJP leader in TN gave statement like "If comes to power in Karnataka", Tamils will get
0 ,I feel that bjp will gain around seats in Karnataka and form govt without JDS. However keeping JDS in NDA will $NUMBER$
0 ,Modi ji is 'making up' history while pretending to be 'creating' it.
1 , Mostly these accounts are operated by BJP IT cell, you fek
1 , Im not here to defend the borders, My SOP is to defend Modi Ji ~
1 ,Given the racist moves of BJP against Hindu Bengalis, as below, some facts need to be stated. Hindus of current Ban
1 ,Dear Modi Ji, Will Wake them in next Elections.
1 ,Pm Modi only Modifies had never understood Delivery of Promises.
1 ,MEETING HIS "RACE-FATHER N.MODI PRIME MINISTER OF INDIA
1 ,Can BJP ministers talk about the Modi government achievements rather than bashing opposition leaders?
0 , Will Modi government come to power in Lok Sabha elections?
1 ,Forget about . All BJP CMs, PM, ministers are true islamists. I hate them as much I hate congis.
1 ,BJP targets Chidambaram over undeclared assets; Congress hitsback c
1 ,Omg. After H-K, Deccan Chronicle, Cong mouthoiece says BJP likely to sweep coastal karnataka. d
0 ,Economic Times years of Modi government Poll checks public mood.
1 , Karnataka essembly election results will be the beginning of the end of the arrogant BJP..
1 , As per the Sayings of the sources, PM Modi penned down his message in the Visitor Book of the State House, Seychelles.
1 , A Writing by PM Modi on the th anniversary of Battle of Neuve Chapelle at the Worldwar memorial near the northern
1 , Why BJP is reacting like an opposition? It's their govt. They can push investigating agencies in motion. Also, as if
1 , People disappointed with BJP, yearn for change  MP
0 ,We the people of india have choosen Sri Modi as our prime minister by thumping majorit
1 , BJP Amit Shah is innocent.
1 , Truly Said, Congress, Pakistan, Ghadhis, Media, Fake NGO can't find fault in Modi so they Tarnish the image of My Hindustan,
1 ,Anti Modi foods .
1 ,Hate modi drinks .
0 ,PM Modi goes all out to win hearts, Nepal foreign minister says ties at new high - Times of India via
0 ,Strange people like say they have lost freedom of speech under modi but look at his twittet t
0 , Since when did Narendra Modi stop being the face of BJP?
1 , Phugat ( - BJP Delhi|| ,|| ,||
1 ,How could he ensure else people verdicts are upon congress nearly per compare to bjp per? By project
1 , Omg. After H-K, Deccan Chronicle, Cong mouthoiece says BJP likely to sweep coastal karnataka. https://t.
1 , First Narendra Modi snubbed Late Mufti sb openly now is doing the same to you . We knew you had s
0 ,how come you people are tolerating this type of scum ? BJP backstabbed not only Hindus
1 , With just seats, the BJP has usurped power in Meghalaya, through a proxy.
0 ,Senior BJP leader &amp; Ex Deputy CM of J&amp;K accuses Indian army of harassing people in J&amp;K. The reason is, army has obj
1 , Kashmir is going through troubled time. To Quote Ex Gujarat CM Narendra Modi - Problem is not at the border, Problem is at the
1 ,Good someone from BJP took this up....
1 ,Why warning for a serial offender !! Had it been from some BJP ma
0 ,Hey he is the new ap bjp president
0 , "Why your partymen killed my father?" Anamika yo, daughter of CPI(M) leader Kannippoyil Babu asks in letter to BJP Sta
1 ,Maybe he is trying to make a case of how Modi bhakts talk on Twitter to those who dissent. I hope, of
1 , Mr said he ain't getting work in Bollywood since he criticised Modi in Oct .
1 ,This man follows Modi too
0 , Congress will win + seats in Karnataka
1 ,The Times of India Nawaz Sharif speaking PM Narendra Modi's language to protect his 'ill-gotten' wealth Imran Kha
1 , Win or not for BJP ....Point already being implemented... Aligarh now Aurangabad riots .... Modi-Shah wo
0 , BJP has totally out spent Cong in money distribution, which of course is never clean money. Has BJP become the new Cong?
1 , It's saad RAHUL GANDHI JI.
1 ,Nead kachra bjp HA
0 , Why did Times Now replace PM Modi's photo with Amit Shah after BJP was shown at disadvantage in exit poll prediction? via
1 ,Telling lie become fashion to BJP
0 ,And it may kindly be added that BJP is richest party now.
0 , BJP is worst than communist party of china (CPC). Thier ideology is just power - hindutva, development etc.
1 ,Crackdown on shell companies Narendra Modi government, regulators now plan another move...
1 ,the way u are tweeting against BJP and NARENDRA MODI it seems that Rahul Gandhi is the producer of ur next movie
1 ,Dear Modiji, i am herewith enclosing my prediction for bjp prospects in karnataka based on my calculation. pls ack.
1 ,India ready to be 'Sherpa' to help Nepal scale mountain of success PM Modi - Times of India via
1 ,BJP  $NUMBER$
0 ,IMHO, Congress will win
1 , Why not add BJP manifesto and Modi Jis biography from SATYUG to DWAPARYUG, he fought against all Mog
1 , A tight slap for and his supporters who justified BJP's alliance with PDP as positive step in the interests
1 ,Exit Polls to Vex Indian Markets as Majority Seen Eluding Modi
1 ,In recent karnataka elections muslims and reserved class voters have voted heavily for BJP. In coastal k
0 ,In such case as party Congress have existence in all states of India but do u a $NUMBER$
0 , now grow up and move ahead from history to future mam if modi ji follow indita ji emergency history think what wo
0 ,Seems he thinks BJP will lose Karnataka
1 ,Ayyo, the complaint is not about his leading BJP but about his Congress past. Leaders with Congress past
0 , Wanted a lighter shade of saffron, my col in TOI today on the BJP. Trolls who falsely accuse me of bias will hide tod
1 , A rioter, a criminal, a thug, a female actor and a corrupt CA these are the top of the BJP and a CM candidate who has been ja
1 ,if this is true then selection of candidates is horrible by BJP central team and BSY might be carrying the corrupt
1 ,And do u think it justifies the bad acts of Nawaz the traitor who invited modi along
1 ,Maybe he is trying to make a case of how Modi bhakts talk on Twitter to those who dissent. I hope, of
1 , How Prime Minister Narendra Modi is waging a war on reality - DailyO
1 , This so reminds me of Rahul Gandhi vs Narendra Modi. $NUMBER$c
0 ,Modi ji is 'making up' history while pretending to be 'creating' it. https://t
1 , Modi's critic Kashmiri Muslim comes out in defence of Modi's Mother when A Hindu critic writes something derogatory a
1 ,Modi pockets Arun River, Nepal PM to visit China Telegraph Nepal
1 ,Its not country but congress is not safe either in Modi's Hands or Rahul's Hands
1 ,BJP = approx
1 ,BJP+EVM = +
0 ,Unfortunate occurring in our beloved country under Modi Yogi Raj !
1 ,How can RBI absolve itself of Rsponsibility for Nirav Modi fraud by simply saying thr Circular was nt followed by X
1 , Reform Perform Transform  Latest development tracker of Modi governments schemes.
1 ,- PERISCOPE TRUMP, XI, PUTIN, MODI &amp; NEW GREAT GAME -
1 ,Dear Modiji, i am herewith enclosing my prediction for bjp prospects in karnataka based on my calcula d
0 , u ppl have any shame? CONgress leaders was busy labelling /11 was RSS ki sazish &amp; now some moron come out and giving gy
1 , I fought with my brother. This is what Modi has brought out in people. He encouraged Indians to fight &amp; hate India.
1 ,how are you bjp unspokesperson?
1 ,You know off late is promoting anti MODI articles and videos...
1 ,Reform Perform Transform  Latest development tracker of Modi governments schemes.
0 , The cr nationalists r divided on caste lines. Modi has done for all Indians.. Sad part is some people don't bother
1 , As per Republic Exit Polls, BJP is going to win out of seats in Karnataka.
1 ,Happy Monday .BJP zindabad. .good morning.
1 ,Journos like will support the devil....Just to oppose modi
1 , India's Modi uses cultural ties to mend ties with Nepal. My latest for $NUMBER$
1 , Modi will make Akbar-Rana Pratap issue in Rajasthan. Don't let him forget Rana's commander Hakim Khan Sur also died at
1 ,Earlier u were in Anti Congress group with BJP now u r in anti BJP group with Congress...... Do u h
1 ,who so ever wins. one thing is sure common citizens are going to loose. Congrease has super track re
1 , PM Modi's farewell to Fleedom at Midnight star.
0 , Journalist spreads brazen lies about BJP ads in newspapers ahead of Karnataka elections, gets called out -
1 ,What is happening here? Now, Deccan Chromicle claims BJP to come back in JDS stronghold
0 , One thing this modi govt. Has done very good in these years, unmasked almost every pseudo seculars..
1 ,Check difference between Modi bhakt Bigot ex Major and modi critic Secular kashmiri common man .
0 ,BJP will form next govt in Karnataka says Shah
1 ,I admire both Modi and Tharoor let Modi be PM for one more term Inc Should be taught
0 ,it was great blunder to vote for BJP.
1 ,Income Tax lens on top buyers of Nirav Modi jewellery.
0 ,Italian Meatballs where brilliantly nakeds media stooges congis n chinese gandhis n assures there is n
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, accoun
1 , These are the five evils Congress and its culture have brought.
0 , Italian Meatballs where brilliantly nakeds media stooges congis n chinese gandhis n assures there is nothing in
0 ,ofcourse has not lost his charisma. He will win as people prefer Modi in the centre
1 ,Modi pockets Arun River, Nepal PM to visit China - :
1 , More than nos of BJD and Congress youth workers joined Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) at in my presence.welcome
1 ,Bank loans to jewellers grow surprisingly after PNB-Nirav Modi scam
1 , Ok agree. Abusing is not civility. Can you give the same piece of advice to Modi Bhakt
1 ,When supporters of BJP &amp; Congress talk about corruption &amp; target political parties like JDS, DMK, TDP the only ques
1 ,~ Narendra Modi, MA (Entire Political Science)
1 ,Batteground Karnataka- Shekhar Iyer Deccan Herald BJP Could Be Single Largest Party, But Short Of Majority
0 , Pictures from Vijayapura. There is immense fervour on the ground and the BJPs development agenda is striking a strong ch
1 ,They forget to change PM Rahul Gandhi's picture with CM Siddaramaiah...LOL
1 , A Government is going to focus on food processing and horticulture. The current Congress government in the
1 ,Hi I am not Hater of any PM or Govt , I know abt Indian economy , I thought by Modi Govt System will c C
0 , Chidambaram didn't disclose its investments to tax authority, violating Black Money Law, which was brought by Modi govt as
1 ,Unfortunately, the Congress has no understanding
1 , Modi's first law of elections Petrol prices will continue to increase at a uniform rate unless stopped by an external
1 , When Karnataka was suffering from a drought, Congress ministers who should have helped our farmers were in Delhi playing
1 , Can someone pls tell how does BJP have income tax dept. estimates of black money of any individual ?
1 , Mr Modi you must know that congress made Mr KR Narayanan, President in and he was the first member of the co
1 ,Fingers crossed. Still. BJP will sail through. That's for sure!
1 ,It will not be a surprise to see the BJP romp home $NUMBER$
1 , Karnataka Congress has handed over Bengaluru to an infamous trio, which excels in corruption, looting, land grabbing and
1 , When supporters of BJP &amp; Congress talk about corruption &amp; target political parties like JDS, DMK, TDP the only question y
1 ,Congress exit from $NUMBER$c
1 ,Cut to the chase! You guys are a paid channel of the BJP!!!
1 ,Why then is BJP the richest political party ? Note bandi ka paisa hai ?
1 , Any Criminal case which gets a Clean Chit; be assured that someone from BJP is involved.
1 ,INDIA IS PROUD OF NARENDRA MODI.
0 ,Congress Ko vote doge , to Rahul P
0 , BJP will form next govt in Karnataka says Shah
0 , Modi Ji - what are you doing ? NO HELP - we though u will give good governance -
0 ,You are not only insulting our PM Modi but also d great artist Sudarsan Patnaik
0 ,Narendra Modi wants to keep people away from reality:Yechury
1 ,Please ask Modi to drop them to China as he frequently visits them
1 ,sahis tharoor said country is not safe in bjp's hand.he typed country instead of congress by mistake.
1 , What is happening here? Now, Deccan Chromicle claims BJP to come back in JDS stronghold
1 ,So much for Narendra Modi's claims of total electrification.
1 ,The congress is not safe in Modi's hands. Correct yourself Mr. Tharoor.
1 ,modi saar also dont tweet on own it is always a team.
1 ,Prakash we know after your negative propaganda against BJP, you are Back to your films...
1 ,Video | The PDP-BJP Alliance in J&amp;K Is a Total Disaster Former RAW Chief AS Dulat - The Wire
1 , Its not country but congress is not safe either in Modi's Hands or Rahul's Hands
1 ,Translation Corrupt politicians are not safe in BJP's hands.
1 ,Compare to cong the bjp is ok for indians
1 ,Even though out of context modi bhakths must know the facts instead of looking blind
1 ,U can choose ur poll depending on your preference of BJP winning or Congress or a hun
1 , Just wondering when BJP and bhakts will learn manners and develop grace. Or will a civil-bhakt be an
1 ,BJP, Congress spar over P Chidambaram's 'undeclared' assets
0 ,Bellandur is totally under BJP control. Stop your domvarata here.
1 ,Kangressi dont feel safe in BJP hand, as BJP have dream.
0 , Islamic organisations are appealing Muslims &amp; Christian Missonaries are appealing to Christians to vote for Congress &amp;
1 ,At one time, BJP workers celebrated saving of security deposits Amit Shah
1 ,even if there is some collateral damage to the BJP on this I am sure the public will forgive
1 , The BJP Govt. collected Lakh Crore in taxes on Petrol/LPG/Diesel since . Yet, NO relief in prices for our citizens.
0 ,How is the Modi govt botching up the RTI Act?
1 ,Modi as PM  Full Marks
1 ,if u feel MODI is Real hero
0 ,Video Five exit polls project BJP as the single largest party in a hung house in Karnataka via
1 ,Meeting of Karyakartas with Respected Ji at BJP Office, District Keshavpuram.
1 , -- Tripura CM Biplab Deb summoned to Delhi today. Biplab and state's central observer Sunil Deodhar to meet BJP's
1 ,God of War PS4 - Magni &amp; Modi Boss Fight lewat
0 , Very good . This is just what I wanted to see. Hatred for Modi and fear of him winning Karnataka has
1 , Dear Modi ji,
1 ,She once said in that too before general elections " We are ignoring Rahul Gandhi because we live
0 , The BJP, which promised to give crore jobs, did not give jobs to the youth but the army of unemployed youth has alread
1 , Central to the RSS/ BJP fascist ideology, is that Dalits &amp; Adivasis must continue to exist at the bottom rung of society.
0 ,Daughter of CPI(M) worker Babu asks in letter to BJP leader P.K. Krishnadas.
1 ,Batteground Karnataka- Shekhar Iyer Deccan Herald Markets Will React Positively If BJP Wins Karnataka
1 ,Yes. Low voter turnout in pro BJP areas and high voter turnout in Minorities area.
0 ,No need to have logic for farmers. Fact. Is always fact modi did nothing farmers. No
1 ,God can't lie,so He made Modi
1 ,I am scared to think beyond May  because of possible scenarios are nightmares for BJP:
0 ,) BJP win ) Cong+
0 ,In the past years, farmer suicides have touched ,000. Modi govt wont c
1 , She once said in that too before general elections " We are ignoring Rahul Gandhi because we live in Nar
1 ,I m not modi bhakt.N wants rahul gandhi should go on and be perfect politition.He is gentleman.
1 ,so a well drafted letter, proved BJP guilty ??
0 ,A scene from nepal,where had nepali media opposing the tour pm modi by this way, but none of indian media s
1 , Sudheendra Kulkarni, former aid of leaderL K Advani, showered praise on CongresspresidentRahul Gandhi, saying he i
1 ,Modi pockets Arun River, Nepal PM to visit China -
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury Stakes Higher For Congress In Karnataka Election Than BJP
0 ,If not win the election, it will be the biggest tragedy for Congress.
1 ,Thokka emi kaadu ... We should not allow any BJP member into AP state.
1 ,'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family
1 , I liked a video Ravish Kumar Prime Time May ; PM Modi's Fake speech on Nehru and
0 , PM lists five facets of Congress government in last five years in Karnataka
0 , I appeal to Karnataka voters to vote for BJP candidates in their respective constituencies and help form a
1 ,Now Congress &amp; their slaves mu
1 , Given the racist moves of BJP against Hindu Bengalis, as below, some facts need to be stated. Hindus of current Banglades
0 , Daughter of CPI(M) worker Babu asks in letter to BJP leader P.K. Krishnadas.
1 ,When mood in India is for Narendra Modi, why blame poor mechanical EVMs for it !
1 , Rajiv Gandhi decentralized governance. The Narendra Modi and govts have decentralized corruption. The poor
0 ,your hatred for modi will lead you to nowhere good morning...
1 , Sir, in that case, Why Sardar Patel wasn't elected Congress President, who was to follow to become PM, as co
1 ,To defeat the doctrine of PM modi and Amit sh ,wear the Bhagavath Gita as the Armour ,non violence and non t
1 ,India not safe in BJP's hands as nation cannot be 'built on divides' Shashi Tharoor - The Indian Eress
1 ,Modi helped Nirav Modi and Mehul Choksi and Vijay Malaya to flee from India after doing loot and scam
1 ,He isn't recommending BJP and left alliance. So your comments are wrong
1 ,Modi would need nd term with even a bigger mandate to clean up the entrenched Lutyens's eco-system.
0 ,Surprisingly survey conducted by anti Modi channels have one thing to say and the rest have another. E
1 ,Coz BJP doesn't inspire any confidence in them.
1 ,Could you also elain in very logical way the connotations of Rastrabaad and Modi Visit
0 ,A scene from nepal,where had nepali media opposed the tour pm modi by this way, but none of indian media sh
1 , Nepal Premier K P Sharma Oli on Saturday said PM Narendra Modi's visit to the Himalayan nation had elevated the existing rel
0 ,Modi government is pro-Hindu government. They have strong reve
0 , Molestation of IAS daughter in haryana by BJP minister son.... What the hell. IS THIS RISING INDIA. https://t.
1 , Key Highlights of BJP Karnataka election campaign..
1 ,.Modi was confused inventing lies
1 , Modi would need nd term with even a bigger mandate to clean up the entrenched Lutyens's eco-system.
1 , Modi helped Nirav Modi and Mehul Choksi and Vijay Malaya to flee from India after doing loot and scams from
0 ,Modi isn't the first who would do it. Marxist historians whitewashed Indian history to unimag
1 , When mood in India is for Narendra Modi, why blame poor mechanical EVMs for it !
1 ,Today bjp using mony muscles mafia in election
1 ,A Politically Motivated Case of So-Called Fraud, Filed by their Own BJP RS MP,
1 ,It's a trend to abuse Modi and become famous now-a-days for people like
1 ,Even BJP leaders can b corrupted. D
1 ,Will JD(s) tie up with congress whom they criticised for corruption? Will BJP tie up with J
1 ,India has Modi but your family has only YOU.
1 , Nawaz Sharif moment for Congress, says Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman D
1 , if by chance bjp come in bengal bengal will be another very big mess l
1 ,Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is deni
1 ,Country not safe in BJP's hands Shashi Tharoor - Times of India
1 , I support BJP primarily for Hinduism and stopping further dilution of Hindu population at all cost. Progress and development ar
1 , New facts on Nagrota land deal. BJP top leaders and RSS pracharaks involved says Indian Eress.
1 , Great. Modi thatha is popular Mong kids takers for Buffoon pappu.
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury BJP Victory In Karnataka Doesn't Mean Automatic Win In Mizoram
1 , Here is Chintamani-5Dots Post-poll BJP getting simple majority +/- . All the details you wanted
1 , By the way Congressi are thinking that to abuse modi and and spread hate they will get government but sorry bro no. Of
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury BJP Win Will Cement Perception Of Moving To a 'congress-Mukt Bharat'
1 ,if by chance bjp come in bengal bengal will be another very big mes U
1 ,Gujarat BJP leaders to meet Amit Shah in Delhi.. $NUMBER$d
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury BJP To Get Psychological Advantage If They Win In Karnataka
0 , Since bjp is trying to divert our AMU issue so Please show your concern and spread your voice over social media as much as p
1 ,BJP means INDIA
1 , What I really liked about Karnataka elections is that the agenda was not set by BJP but their leaders including Shah and Modi
1 , Quest for truth, unsupported home buyers, BJP myste
1 ,Why are you keeping quite ? Pl ask your leftinent advocates to file PIL &amp; ee the curruption of BJP GO
1 ,BJP believes in "
0 , Jammu BJP has a problem with the Army as well! They don't want justice to prevail in Kathua, they don't care for Army r
0 ,As if BJP people have not done character assassination at all. Learn to take the shit when yo
0 ,Modi Govt may submit draft to SC to seek more time to complete Govt formation in Karnataka.
1 ,In Modi's term in the name of Average monthly balance fine gas subsidies were loote
0 ,Pls THINK over it else we Will say THANKs to BJP next year.
1 ,BJP MADE A BLUNDER MISTAKE WE CAN ALSO SAY IT AS STRATEGIC MISTAKE WHICH ENHANCES c
1 ,On a twitter stroll. Being anti RSS, anti BJP is fine. Criticizing hinduism, absolutely. But being anti hindu, how $NUMBER$
1 , CBI confirms rape charge against Unnao BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar
1 ,Correct. Times now always supporting bjp only.
1 , .. slams Modi again
1 , And all ruled states dragged down India on Poverty Index. But the trembling fact is that BJP has becom
1 ,It has been said that bjp vote share is concentrated and not spread out.
1 , Good job Divya, your twitter handle has become synonymous with the Congress. Well done, contin
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury See Enthusiasm Of BJP Winning Karnataka To Help In MP &amp; Chhattisgarh
1 ,Congress (Plus / Minus ) Seats
1 ,MUMBAI The satta bazaar is shortening the odds on a BJP
0 ,And you ask why do Muslims don't vote for BJP! And you pretend that Triple Talaq bill was a life changing one. Why
0 , Hi sir congratulations for winning Karnataka back again. I m percent you will win it.
1 ,More survey on Modi
1 ,Not a single Modi laid policy implemented so far.
1 , So much for Narendra Modi's claims of total electrification.
1 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Con-par
0 ,why is Modi not stopping this if Indira was alive she would single handidly stop this storm
1 , He tweets about Assassination of PM Modi...
0 , Has any party other than BJP won elections in the recent past?
1 , By deriding , PM Modi proves he is rattled by him. $NUMBER$
0 , Titles like Father of Terrorism is a shame to our system when the Party with Difference BJP ruling the country and almost a
1 , Hate r PM hs made ppl get basic human decency s mentor ,who hs previously rooted r PM Modis assassi
1 ,Prime Minister Modi, except for the preparations for the forthcoming elections in , should also giv
1 , So even Times Now VMR has updates their numbers from to for BJP. Cong down from to . So now only Axis is g
1 ,Why Did chose only her letter and daughters/children of RSS/BJP/Hindu Workers?
1 , FIR has been registered against serial offender for agitating people against PM Modi &amp; RSS by using derogatory word
1 ,Before the counting day, my th sense tells me, BJP will get a comfortable majority on its own and will not have to
1 , Nirav Modi Moment; leaders seem to be enjoying perks of Looto Jan Dhan Yojna launched by Govt for thei
0 , So Nepali newspapers are saying, thousands of Biharis were sent across the border, to show good attendance at Modi's pub
0 , Narendra Modi does not want us to judge him on basis of failed Demonetization &amp; sloppy GST of but he wants us to judge
1 , | Yeddyurappa says will give in writing that BJP will get absolute majority
1 ,True...He should be fired by BJP..Were Priyanka..When it comes to nation..Common man does forget diffe
1 ,Communism is no good. But neither is BJP or Congress!
0 ,shame on u for patronizing her if BJP looses it will all because of u. increase talab to lacs
1 ,Whatz the Status ??what about Modi's tw
1 ,Nirav Modi Moment; leaders seem to be enjoying perks of Looto Jan Dhan Yojna launched by Govt for t
1 ,Power ka nasha HAI BJP supremo not seeing
1 ,BJP MLA now has a confirmed rape charge against him after CBI investigation.
1 ,Nirav Modi's US firms got Rs cr PNB remittances..
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury Voters Might Come Back To Modi In Due To Lack Of Better Alternative
0 ,Bulls may come out in full force if BJP wins Karnataka..
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury If PM Modi Swings Karnataka, He Is Well Placed To Win Election
1 ,Neither Modi nor Yogi.
1 ,civilizations in book site troubles Sharif for meeting Modi C
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury BJP Facing Years Of Anti-Incumbency MP &amp; Chhattisgarh
1 ,Now Congress &amp; their slaves must find
1 , Yes indeed Nawaz Sharifs Brain has been hacked by Modi &amp; Ajit Doval who replaced it with Cow Dung ..
0 , How is the Modi govt botching up the RTI Act?
1 , If I was your mother I'd wash that mouth of yours soap. If my sons treated women or were as disrespectful as this BJP Netas
0 ,I don't want BJP to win the election, I want them to sweep and that too like a legend
1 ,The NDA will return to power with a majority, and Narendra Modi will have his second term as prime minister, Pasw
1 , Time to think.Can BJP answer this.
1 ,Why BJP ruled states didn't performed well?
1 , Chalo Musalmano ka to samajh me aata hai but why do Pastors hate BJP ?
1 , BJP Members Detained in Assam After Recovery of Flag Asking People to Join ISIS via
1 ,Ab bhi sudhar jaao, spreading hatred will cost your job, BJP can only give, Pakoda, paan job,as altern
1 , BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA C via
0 ,BJP want % total
1 , I wud request to twitter plz suspend his id Shri Narendra modi ji is o
1 , Modi Govt successes
1 ,I am no supporter of BJP but then you are giving a very skewed logic to prove a political point.
1 ,This is the true face of Modi Sarkar. Cant even take our liberals.
1 ,What are the chances of bjp
0 ,BJP forming government in Karnataka Amit Shah
0 ,PANAJI BJP president Amit Shah today asserted the pa D
1 ,Income Tax lens on top buyers of Nirav Modi jewellery via
1 , Fingers crossed. Still. BJP will sail through. That's for sure!
1 ,It will not be a surprise to see the BJP romp home easily wit
1 ,That's the problem with BJP.. Only Gas No Fire... D
1 ,The BJP Karnataka Manifesto, inspired by Narendra Modi, is a poorly crafted fantasy built around a weak
1 ,RSS is now threatening the authorities... This ensures that the first BJP mined is now also RSS... Resembled is a c
1 ,Though I aint no BJP enthusiast but but theres a general affinity for hitler in
1 ,And yet, these offenders are the ones who claim there's no freedom of eression under Modi regime.. not so funny, isn't it?
0 , If congress gets the power in karnatak, one thing is sure that, in Goa present BJP government will not survive.
1 ,Why do you whine sometimes about dominance of non-Bengalis of BJP in Bengal and object to use of "ji" d
1 ,Lens should be on Nirav Modi rather any chance of even knowing where is he?
1 , In Pics | From Heeraben Modi To Nita Ambani Moms Who Are Actually Supermoms | D https
1 , Modi and Amit Shah watching results.
0 , Our karyakartas have worked tirelessly for last few months with one aim of bringing a stable &amp; strong BJP government in
1 ,Modi &amp; Yogi were supposed to bring Tsunami to Karnataka.
1 , Bjp Corporator Pradeep Ramchandani Caught On CCTV Footage Robbing PWD File From Ulhasnagar Municipal Headquater
1 ,There may be goons in BJP, but AAP leadership constitutes goon. What about that?
1 ,actually enjoys this kind of filth. Had this bees done by any Modi suppor
0 ,in para , she does say modi-son of a tea seller. Bu
0 , All three states he mentioned are non bjp Govt... why did this Pappu ask his wo
1 , I am scared to think beyond May  because of possible scenarios are nightmares for BJP:
0 ,) BJP win ) Cong+JDS
1 , Skeletons on congress coming out slowly
1 ,Need Modi Govt at centre in
1 ,Karanataka elections results  Congress. :126 to . And BJP :51to . Nd JDS :21to
0 ,Absolute Must watch on Modis lies about &amp; obsession with Nehru.
1 , Karnataka elections saw Modi take political discourse to a new low, writes via
0 , Congress failed all tests of decency &amp; morality when you all coined the word Hindu Terror after /11 A
1 , As BJP's war machine is surging ahead, Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah is trailing in Chamundeshwari constituency, reveals India
1 ,no one will listen.they are all the same boy. Congress now bjp.
1 , Modi gives press conference:
1 , even if there is some collateral damage to the BJP on this I am sure the public will forgive and give
0 ,Modi government is giving subsidies to Amarnath yatra and Kailas
1 ,If Cong wins,win because of siddaramaiah
1 ,If Cong losses,loss because if RG
1 ,India PM Narendra Modi ranked among Top World leaders.
0 ,I love Sushma Ma'am so much. Best minister in Modi cabinet. Long live ma'am.
1 ,Nirav Modi and Mehul Choksi both are scam gang members of feku he helped them in order to flee Ind
0 ,They have been hired to sell BJP and Modi to the country
1 , It's my challenge to Mr. Modi- can he continuosly speak for just four minutes as to what he has done on the following
1 ,CBI to charge Allahabad Bank CEO Usha Ananthasubramanian, others in Nirav Modi scam:TOI
0 , BJP is the new Congress. Will do whatever it takes to stay in power. Like their supporters, no principles le
1 ,Bhakts are like awww we are so naive,helpless and so innocent.. Why are the people so anti-modi, can't they show so
0 ,Fascist feku, India Prime Madman PM, delivers to honour &amp; safety of females ! BJP govt in Centre &amp; in R
1 , Before the counting day, my th sense tells me, BJP will get a comfortable majority on its own and will not have to depend
1 , PM Modi talks with PM Oli were productive. New vigour has been added to India-Nepal relations through this visit. PM
1 ,Out of major parties- Shiv Sena, BJP, Nav Nirman Sena, Cong n AIMIM
1 ,Cong must hv backed AIMIM
1 , Now listen to this moron who declared Modi is completely irrelevant to India's woes &amp; problems.
0 , With % voting same as last time one shld see a majority Govt in Karnataka &amp; natural trend shld mean a BJP govt with comfor
1 ,Six predicting that BJP will be the single largest party, three are vo
0 ,most of the media houses have forget the chidambram's case, I guess, what if any of the BJP member have su
0 ,Indeed, if BJP crosses tomorrow... I fear we will see Deve Gowda with Congress in no time in a bid to save "secularism."
1 ,Modis Nepal visit had messages- India will use religion/culture to deepen ties; it is telling Nepal your politic
1 ,Six predicting that BJP will be the single largest party, three are vouching for
1 ,Hey Mona you pretty girl. Not INC, it's BJP doing the fakenews thing. Your so innocent to fall
1 , President of Nepali Congress and former Prime Minister Mr. Sher Bahadur Deuba and other members of the Nepali Congress cal
1 ,JDS as junior partner is OK .no term change chief minister. Bjp will have its cm till full term
1 ,I visited blr one centres twice in past months to get card, asked a bjp friend too for help, didn
1 , Stellar piece by Next time anyone throws that % Indians voted against Modi statistic at you, throw this d
0 , Buzz from less privileged voters in Bangalore is a bigger Congress vote in their areas than . My cook tells me ground lev
1 , Neither Modi nor Yogi.
1 ,I think bjp JDS alliance hi banega
1 ,BJP IT cell
0 ,Means BJP won't be able to win Karnatka
0 ,Actually Amit Malpua's govt first they will take permissions from Rahul Gandhi...becoz
1 ,% turnout - Higher turnout is always bad for incumbent .favours BJP
1 ,The storm before Karnataka Election Result for Modi &amp; Yogi in UP
1 , More survey on Modi
0 ,Our Bjp govt is saying they are against corruption
1 , Say Thanks to Modi Sarkar!
0 ,None of the Avengers died under Congress rule. Guess what happened when BJP came to power.
1 ,Ya That leader will soon join Bjp, and he will be purified
1 ,Might be failure of BJP ...
0 ,Then high time bjp and it's CMs get a backbone... We didn't vote for them to go spineless...
1 , Lalu is an ideology. U conspired u sent him to jail but u r still scared of him. Bjp and jdu still jittery. Its not the
1 ,What the hell BJP persons are doing why any action is not taken against him His comments a
1 , Each stone will cost millions of votes for BJP. TDP is unaware of this shameful act.
1 ,PM Narendra Modi world's one of the most powerful celebrities II Asal... via
1 , Vedanta's Nand ghar is hosting women, men and children from Kakrahia village who are waiting to listen PM Modi's
1 ,Poor, uneducated gor congress and rich, educated for bjp
1 , Modis Nepal visit had messages- India will use religion/culture to deepen ties; it is telling Nepal your politics is yo
1 , Sangi pareshan Bjp will be eed badly after th result
1 , Who can identify the man wearing blue seated next to BJP honcho of Assam? Publish name and his identity if you know
1 ,Yee, If BJP looses Karnataka - Communal riots for sure especially in South India, unleash hatred in the
0 , My piece in the ToI today Congress' Liberalism not Secularism Main Opposition to BJP
0 ,Why did you get a quote from that more n who attacked Modi than Pakistan? Litmus test for Modi w
0 , Very Vibrant Canvassing constituency with honourable minister TN BJP president http
1 ,more Political Party offices including two of the BJP demolished in Tripura
1 ,Your pain is understandable as Mr Modi is legitimate child of his parents unlike you.......
1 , Salute to Modiji for his spirit of discipline, patience and tolerance.
1 ,Congratulations
1 , "DO NOT VOTE FOR BJP OR THESE MUSLIMS AND DALITS WILL START MIGRATING TO SOUTHERN STATES AND WE KNOW HOW TRAGIC THAT IS, INNI
1 ,I am hearing news that a BJP worker from South Bangalore has been beaten up and admitted to hospital. Waiting for confirmation.
1 ,Well..I feel youre working for BJP.. just like owaisi...such tweets help BJP to gain more votes...good job
1 , Nawaz Sharif speaking Modis language to protect ill-gotten wealth, says Imran Khan
0 ,Majority came or not, BJP form government and End of Congr
1 ,Great work by BJP , now reduce tax burden of salary class or abolish tax on salary class citizens of India
1 ,Nuns visit to Srirangam temple BJP, Hindu outfits file complaint
1 , your company you keeps talks a lot about you and Modi ji too !
0 , Indeed, if BJP crosses tomorrow... I fear we will see Deve Gowda with Congress in no time in a bid to save
1 ,Present attempt by Modi Govt is better than most of the earlier inclusive tamasha tried
1 ,The attack on sir &amp; bu Amit Shah sir is a clear indication of the BJPs inability to form a
0 ,simple for the same reason CPI(M) party men kill BJP PARTY MEN BUT IT NEVER MAKES TO THE HEADLINES OF
1 ,People haven't forgotten the Gandhi. They won't forget Modi as well.
1 ,Wake Up Hindus! For a developed India, people like Tharoor, Pappu. Mamata, Mulayams, Lalus &amp; Communists s
1 , Country not safe in BJP's hands Shashi Tharoor - Times of India
1 ,Modi on Bangladeshi hindu and it's resettlement in electi
0 ,BJP secy Rammadhab today made his stand clear. Seems like rather than wellbeing of Indian citizens ( Hindu+non Hind
1 ,why every1 predicting less no of seats for BJP in the old Mysore region?
1 ,BJP rules the India..
1 ,Best defense Minister ever she defends bjp.
1 ,BJP fights elections on Bhartiye Jantas issues. BJPs slogan is Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas. Shri Modi j
1 ,BJP-100, Congress-90,JDU-30, Others-2
1 ,Why they are favouring so much in favour of BJP .. any ideas ?
1 ,Wake Up Hindus! For a developed India, people like Tharoor, Pappu. Mamata, $NUMBER$
1 , What they fail to realize is that such abuses make Modi grow even faster. But it shows their upbringing.
1 , Modi Government has gone to shit.
1 ,Just imagine if BJP does this in BJP rules state. would go crazy. Par abhi Guptaji gayab hai.
1 , On PM Modi's allegations of election rigging - 'A man says what is inside his heart':
0 ,See axis poll data coastal Karnataka BJP vote share is percent means sweep
1 ,Some glaring error .. if bjp is getting some % of non kurba OBC'S then game , set and match to th
1 ,India-Nepal ties scaled 'new heights' after Modi visit KP Sharma Oli - $NUMBER$ :
1 ,Wake Up Hindus! For a developed India, people like Tharoor, Pappu. Mamata, Mulayams, Lalus &amp; Communists $NUMBER$
1 , RT narendramodi Saddened by the loss of lives due to storms in some parts of the country. Condolences to the bereaved
1 ,The modi who confesses that he is behind Balochistan and every conspiracy against Pakistan our p
1 , What an amazing response to the question When will you bring back black money, Lalit Modi, Nirav Modi and Vijay Mallya? .
1 , I am hearing news that a BJP worker from South Bangalore has been beaten up and admitted to hospital. Waiting for confirmati
0 ,Wondering how Modi manages to win every election? We list out the reasons for his near perfect record
1 ,ETRetail | Income Tax lens on top buyers of Nirav Modi jewellery
1 , Video | The PDP-BJP Alliance in J&amp;K Is a Total Disaster Former RAW Chief AS Dulat - The Wire
1 ,Mr. Modi - This stone pelting is equally worrying.
0 , Hey BJP, you can't win Karnataka by insulting Karnataka...
1 ,Congress
0 ,BJP President Amit Shah on Sunday asserted the party would form the next government in Karnataka.
1 ,Modi ji burnt Muslim in Gujarat roit. He is still out.
1 ,Modi is also serial offender, if you remember The Lie Lama.
0 ,Usually in triangular or multiangullar contest BJP wins with good margin. Be
0 ,Because they want Employments for themselves not a Tiles with Pics of Shivraj&amp; Modi on their Door/Wall
1 ,On congress ticket only.We are not interested in him.He has lost his mental status.H
0 ,Shem on modi govt
0 , Based on Salmans Black Buck &amp; BJP MLAs Unnao Rape Case, the people of India should really tr
0 ,BJP National VP from Thane is following steps of Great leader. In years his travel milage is better
0 ,Based on Salmans Black Buck &amp; BJP MLAs Unnao Rape Case, the people of India should reall
1 , Parliament session of Virginia, USA started with our Shlokas. RSS / / Bjp and their agendas right?
1 ,Like = Congress
1 ,Wake Up Hindus! For a developed India, people like Tharoor, Pappu. Mamata, Mulayams, Lalus
0 , See axis poll data coastal Karnataka BJP vote share is percent means sweep
1 ,Had Sanghis been in Hawai &amp; Modi been Prez, Honourable Geokell
1 ,KarnatakaElection2018
1 ,Modi-Hatred Vs Dynasty-Love
0 ,Media during Congress UPA rule had almost become part of government when likes of Barkha Datt arranging portofolios
1 , India ready to be 'Sherpa' to help Nepal scale mountain of success PM Modi
0 ,Just don't fool us further sir. It's blatantly evident that BJP is corruption savvy to the c
1 , Undoubtedly we need BJP govt at the Centre .
1 , There are the six evils that the Congress has brought on the nation - Congress culture - Communalism, Casteism, Crime,
1 , According to exit polls, BJP is losing on NDTV, Winning on Republic, kuch bhi on Times now, Masterstroke on Zee News and de
1 , Absolute Must Watch This press conference of Rahul Gandhi. An eye opener for people who call him Pappu. He calmly, coherent
1 ,We should also mention that Bhalla sor predicted BJP loss confidently in Bihar ...
0 , BJP President Amit Shah on Sunday asserted the party would form the next government in Karnataka.
1 , Wake Up Hindus! For a developed India, people like Tharoor, Pappu. Mamata, Mulayams, Lalus &amp; Communists should
1 , Modi wave has completely collapsed'
1 ,The strange thing about the is that the looks more like Congr
0 , Whatever happens. CON PR and social media game has matched BJP for st time. Kudos to agency and to Divya/Ramya (i g
1 ,But sir he is a BJP Mp and he should have loyalty towards BJP. He is not showing loyalty towards BJP
1 , I agree with you... Modi Govt should have thrown ppl like you since long back.
0 ,Shows this guy's upbringing.. or rather the lack of it. However much you may hate Modi, choice of words
1 ,Seriously . She lied on the floor of the house. One of the vilest ministers on modi cabinet. No w C
1 ,The BJP is special in spreading lies.
1 , None of the Modi haters have sex on Election Day in any of the states. Because if they press anywhere to their partner
1 ,Retweeted Congress ():
1 ,Modi's Rafale deal-a loss of ,632 Cr.
1 , BJP MLAs took out a rally in support of the rapists in Kathua in J&amp;K. The rapists had raped a minor Asifa.
1 ,Pro-Life when it's BJP govern state. Why should we bother to
1 ,Sri Siddu has done lot of public supporting work. BJP omly telling lies and abusing including so called
1 ,Ok, so Nirav Modi gets free but the buyers will be penalized?
0 , BJP government discontinued more than government schools in chhattisgarh.
1 ,What about LOKkPAL, even after sp court order Modi hasn't done anything in this direction.
0 ,Shashi tharoor says BJP is not fit for country to rule then who Congress, g,cwg,coal,Adarsh, Augusta and so on, b
1 ,Narendra Modi has lost the boardroom, says . Read the column:
1 ,Chidambaram didn't disclose its investments to tax authority, violating Black Money Law, which was brought by Modi
1 ,You stupid people think BJP and congress are competitors in karnataka
1 ,In the Congress Govt BPO /CALL CENTRE provided job opportunities.
1 ,In the BJP GOVT TROLL CENTRE
1 , Mega exit poll says BJP will sweep Karnataka! Dumdaar performance by the Kaamdar BJP in Karnataka
1 ,Yes sir. False charges levelled on you can only hide their inability to deal with Modis, Mehrul Bh
1 ,Sir, BJP search should end as I volunteer to become their Rajasthan Chief .
1 ,In an interview to HT, speaks about PM Modis style of functioning, the relationship between the RSS DDU
0 , When PDP ministers indulge in corruption they do big time scam. BJP ministers notorious for lowly corruption because all
0 , Media during Congress UPA rule had almost become part of government when likes of Barkha Datt arranging portofolios of choi
1 , What about LOKkPAL, even after sp court order Modi hasn't done anything in this direction.
1 , Ok, so Nirav Modi gets free but the buyers will be penalized?
1 , A rare photograph of Shri Narendra Modi delivering home cooked food and tea to Bhagat Singh at Central Jail, Lahore (1928)
1 ,No consistent numbers from and both BJP and Congress are confident to form their govt.
1 ,Modi is a Pokemon. Keeps evolving hahaahaha
1 ,BJP Leaders Are Tensed On Poll Results &amp; , But Yeddyurappa Is Confident On Taking Oath As CM via
1 ,Half the bjp leaders are fattus. But we don't have any other option
1 , In an interview to HT, speaks about PM Modis style of functioning, the relationship between the RSS and the B
1 , BJP gives seats to the infamous Bellary mining mafia Reddy brothers family in Karnataka. So much for 'Na Khaonga, Na Khane
0 , West Bengal panchayat polls today From Trinamool winners to BJP contenders, Lalgarh holds its breath
1 , PM Modi might just create a history with his history goof-ups. His statement on Dr Ambedkar's election to the Constituent Ass
0 ,I hope you vote for BJP becoz you ex cm already accepted the defeat .
1 ,The Cursing taunting blaming instigating brigade of Modi normally remains shut on cru
1 ,BJP Leaders Are Tensed On Poll Results &amp; , But Yeddyurappa Is Confident On Taking Oath As CM
1 , Smt. Sonia Gandhi PM Modi's oratory skills alone can't fill hungry stomachs, employ the unemployed, cure those suffering fro
1 , "I have been visiting temples, mosques, gurdwaras...But whenever I enter a temple, it deeply disturbs the BJP because they se
0 ,Sahi bat hai cheafminister sir is a very good but bjp losed to karnataka
0 ,Based on Salmans Black Buck &amp; BJP MLAs Unnao Rape Case, the people of India should re
0 , Why TMC is so scared of BJP and did everything possible(TMC workers+ police+ SEC) to stop BJPs nomination for Panchayat?
1 ,Yes its possible in BJP thats why we see an increase in thuggery, rape, lies, h
1 ,You forget to blame it on modi
1 , Yes he is right, All Exit Polls are published based on the choice of BJP Minister or Modi Amith sha to fool the voters.But vot
1 , Women voters in Karnataka prefer Congress over BJP, reveals India Today-Axis My India exit poll
1 ,Forming the SIT by Modi at the very first cabinet meeting was GREAT. But the failure of G and Maran cases and the
1 ,BJP at center,still this Jehadi's r free.
0 ,Taking always Narendra Modi government is show the frustration in media houses. Even they avid broadcasting
1 ,They also predicted a + seats for the BJP in Guja
0 ,They'll be rewarded for distracting people from major mistakes of BJP .
1 , Horrible, this guy is and was a snake. He dumped BJP in too. He backstabbed his father in law in . He should
0 , and, Commiserations to long time members of AP BJP. You now have to work under a "dried in the wool" congressi who joined u
1 ,No Country in World has re-elected d Govt which introduced GST &amp; Malaysia is no exception. Fate of Modi?
0 ,This is great ....BJP will get clear majority....
1 ,Shame that Properties of BJP leaders and Businessmen close to BJP are both under NPA and are in areas that are secu
1 , Modi service centre started in yet another village in Salem. Youth of the village have joined the movement. As I elained
1 ,And BJP claims there is no intolerance under their rule?
0 , Over a lakh people turned up to listen to PM Modiji yesterday in Janakpur, Nepal. Occasion was an official civic receptio
0 ,Blatant communal politics, appeasement at its peak. He's paving bjp's way.
1 , There are modes in a mobile phone, work mode, speaker mode &amp; airplane mode. Modi Ji only uses speaker mode &amp; airplane mode, he n
1 , Yes its possible in BJP thats why we see an increase in thuggery, rape, lies, hate speeche
1 ,India-Nepal ties After Modis religious visit, a scan is ringing the bells.
0 , No Prime Minister in our country has used the Office of the Prime Minister to say things about his opponent that Mr Modi has been
0 , Aren't they all?? All BJP govt in every step take one step forward and two step backwards. These land
0 ,Dolt economists are suspecting change in base year for IIP and GDP as some conspiracy by Modi govt.
1 ,Oh! Was it a BJP bomb?
0 , Honestly, this summarises BJP govt in every state they rule. It's big on talks and phuddu in action.
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA C9 via
1 , Retweeted Karnataka Congress ():
1 ,"I would like PM Modi to visit Indira Canteens in Karnataka and replicate
1 , MLAs from BJP took out a rally in support of the rapists in Kathua in J&amp;K. The rapists had raped a minor Asifa.
1 ,I liked a video Ram Jhethmalani Eing BJP Government
1 ,Bhakt.. hatred landed trouble, Hope BJP will give him Pakoda or Paan shop.
1 , All India Trinamool Congress (TMC) worker Anarul Mita suffered bullet injuries in an attack in Cooch Behar's Dinhata, admitted to
1 ,BJP is regressively, blatantly
1 ,I added a video to a playlist Yoga with Modi  Vakrasana Hindi
0 , Dolt economists are suspecting change in base year for IIP and GDP as some conspiracy by Modi govt.
1 , Like = Congress
1 , Bastards like these are so miserable, they can't think of their mother on without having to whine about Modi h
1 , India-Nepal ties After Modis religious visit, a scan is ringing the bells.
1 , Video | The PDP-BJP alliance in J&amp;K is a total disaster Former RAW chief A.S. Dulat $NUMBER$ |
1 , PM Modi is deliberately confusing Karnataka voters with his bombastic speeches on non-issues. All hot air &amp; no substance.
1 ,PM Modi's foreign visits CIC to Air India
1 , more than Karnatka it is UP which will turn the table on BJP and it is happening
0 , This is great ....BJP will get clear majority....
1 ,Who will be the next pm contender for next Pm from Bjp, Modi is failure, we must know next option.
1 , And BJP claims there is no intolerance under their rule?
1 ,Siddaramaiah says this will be his last election, OK if Congress picks
1 ,That was always known..same with pappu account..it dsnt represent who they r..contrast it with modi-same in virtual c
1 ,India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides:
0 ,if u get time from Nehruji and Congress, pay attention on Ganga. It flow after Banaras also.
1 ,BJP is always.. Thanks for showing her YALE degree
1 ,Has Narendra Modis visit put India-Nepal relations back on firm footing?
0 ,nothing new here. bjp is known for its leaders who aid and abet fugitives who f
1 ,I added a video to a playlist Yoga with Modi  Shashankasana English
1 , MASSIVE VOTING IN RURAL KARNATAKA DROUGHT, FARMER DISTRESS going to finish off CONGRESS
0 ,Shame on you man. What loss modi did for u in yrs? Doesnt look your name is Ram.
1 ,Exit Polls To Vex Indian Markets As Majority Seen Eluding Modi via BloombergQuint
1 , Listen mr its bcoz of congress love for muslim bds n modi's promise of wiping out bangladeshis if they come
1 , But won't Do ,this account of Modi bhakt Ex Major who is Racist and abusive still ac
1 ,PM Modi always gives false statements in every speech.
1 ,Now BJP leader Mr. openly admits that there is an understanding between BJP and CPIM in Bengal. We have be
1 , BJP IT Head doesn't even know that Shri Nijalingappa was a Lingayat and not a Dalit.
1 , When BJP said congress mukt Bharat, they meant to replace congress party not congressi traditions a
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor
1 ,Sir , you didn't end with corruption , you saying Telengan, so You BJP are racist and unfit to rule
1 , If BJP has any guts it shd settle Bangladeshi Hindus from Assam in Bengal . Only when th
0 , PM Modi goes all out to win hearts, Nepal foreign minister says ties at new high
0 , No Modi or Amit Shah will save you guys. I request the RSS/BJP to stop this hate mongering. You guys have ruined many liv
1 , India ready to be 'Sherpa' to help Nepal scale mountain of success PM Modi
0 ,Or atleast Ministry of Cleanchit for corrupt people joining BJP from other parties
1 ,Narendra Modi An Astute Politician or just a Bad Student ofHistory.
1 ,Than why Bjp not taking any action apart from doing politics $NUMBER$
0 , PM Modi is a Sapno Ka Saudagar who only sells dreams to mislead the people of this Country. He is the first Prime Minister
1 , India not safe under Narendra Modi led BJP govt ,says Shashi Tharoor
1 ,Hand picked by BJP interlocutor for Kashmir, now in hiding as Jammu Dogras begin to suffer the same fate as the Pan
1 ,Hindus, Vote for BJP
1 , Youth, farmers, unemployed, businessmen, women and employees in MP have anger and resentment against the BJP ... people
1 ,Now In just few Hour The BJP's IT Cell is Going
0 ,How can you trust RSS Modi that don't treat thei
1 ,He has been abusive and given death threats to Modi ji before also. Please dont give any warnings to him and take action.
0 ,Such FOOLS in Power are the trouble creators in a BJP ruled Democracy.. If he thinks he can start silly Campaign
1 ,BJP is going to sail through smoothly
1 ,You need not worry Sir. You are always in the ruling front, whether it is Congress , BJP, or even the communists.Your berth is always booked
1 , When the campaign started, congress claimed PM modi ji as an import, and finished the
1 ,President Xi and PM Modi jointly called for their armed forces to prudently manage their differences.
1 , Now BJP leader Mr. openly admits that there is an understanding between BJP and CPIM in Bengal. We have been saying t
1 ,Gaurav Ji, , ! No need to waste your energies on these scumbags. Modi Ji doesn't c
0 ,Vaishno Devi to Bhairo Ghati track, ropeway gets ready ahead of inauguration by PM Modi
1 , This Amit Shah is like a comedy show and Narendra Modi's image has drastically declined, his speeches are completely hollow and ha
1 , At one time, BJP workers celebrated saving of security deposits Amit Shah
1 , Mr. Modi - This stone pelting is equally worrying.
1 ,over now Test for BJP in Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh.. LOL!
1 ,THT- Meeting with Modi positive, says PM
1 ,(Shri Narendra Modi on April , )
1 ,It's confirmed. Bjp will win. CSDS always wrong
0 , PM Modi should tell the people of Karnataka about his plans for the state. Personal attacks won't win him votes  Congress Pr
0 , PM Modi goes all out to win hearts, Nepal foreign minister says ties at new high
1 , If it is for JDS as shown by Modi media, then take it for granted it is landslide for Congress
1 ,...and no outcry in MODIa (media) off course bcz it is a bjp ruled state. Imagine if such thin
0 , Karkala BJP Sunil Kumar Nomination...look at the crowd...never seen such a huge people gethered in procession.
1 , The selection of Mr Kanna as AP BJP president show's the desperate position of the party and it's president Mr
1 , India not safe in BJP's hands as nation cannot be 'built on divides' Shashi Tharoor - The Indian Eress
1 ,FoE under Modi ji
1 , Country not safe in BJP's hands Shashi Tharoor via
1 , Finally, Modi ji speaks the truth!
1 , Country safe in bjp hands but who are not live for country are not safe in bjp
1 , Dear PM Modi,
0 ,BJP gonna form the govt let sidda plan what ever he can.. But like the Song Pappu can't Dance S...
1 , The world has been inspired by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi. But Mr Modi does not even know the correct name of the Father of
1 , Hey modis mouthpieceji, will there be any enquiry into magical abilities to turn k into crore in one year;
1 , As the exit 'poll of polls' swings towards BJP, a pall of gloom descends over the anchors &amp; (some) panelists at :
0 , Modi ji says 'Na Khaunga, Na Khanedunga'. Yet he asks for votes in the name of Yeddy-Reddy!
1 ,Exit Polls To Vex Indian Markets As Majority Seen Eluding Modi via BloombergQuint
1 ,Madam wat is contribution to BJP from Nirav Modi, Mehul Choksi and Lalith Modi
1 ,modi should be like the Professor. He should peddle his anti muslim bigotry openly with pride. D
0 ,Absolute must watch Ravish Kumar's lessons to Modi on history &amp; his deli
1 ,Clashes break out between Congress and BJP workers in Hampi Nagar, Cops to
1 , Voting for seats begins, all eyes on BJP vs Congress vs JDS
1 ,CONGRESS HATAO DESH BACHAO
1 ,BJP LAO DESH BACHAO
1 ,CONGRESS DEMAK KE TARAHA DESH KO C
0 ,Rather thn stopping books written by Naxals an murdrers in schools u r more interested in TV debates Didn't vote BJP this
1 ,At one time, BJP workers celebrated saving of security deposits Amit Shah.
1 ,'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family U via
1 ,Forget old mysore..Even in bangalore there is fear of BJP loosing Rajajinagar,Padmanabhnagar,Blore south..
1 ,BJP-102
1 ,CONgress -
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor The Indian Eress
1 , Dear that assassination plot against Modi you eed in true path breaking journalism was not even followed up by
1 , No one is a saint in politics and won't be. Especially to counter hard core politics you need to hit it head on. BJP WON
1 , I extend my Hearty Congratulations &amp; best wishes to Sh. Ravinder Raina ji on being Nominated as State president of
1 ,At present it is Modi/ BJP India
1 , Police Complaint against Dhruv Rathee! | BJP IT Cell Part  via
1 , More than Cong,BJP,Rahul or Modi... Todays Chanakya prestige on stake now...Hit on th...Will re-establish again afte
1 , When congress and BJP attack each other.
1 ,The chief yamaraj is Modi, Amit Shah is his deputy.
1 ,AITMC doesn't have even one evil less than the BJP.
0 ,Because BJP not in power in WB, these things are secular,
1 , "Why didn't Congress meet Bhagat Singh in Jail?"
1 ,"Why didn't Congress make Patel the P
1 , Yes we will standby with modi to eradicate all evil
1 , Firebrand BJP MLA has been appointed as the President of BJP, Jammu &amp; Kashmir after Sh. Sat Sharma was inducte
1 ,Modi pockets Arun River, Nepal PM to visit China d
1 ,Investigation of it's members is none of BJP's business.
0 ,When the PM of a nation modi can distort history regarding Nehru and Bagath singh why blame the poor media fo
1 ,Sir,Unlike Mayawati,Modi or BJP never had "dalit only" agenda.They have "Indian first" purpose...th
1 , AP BJP president Kanna Lashminarayana meeting Kapu leaders in AP today.
1 , He is not safe in the hands of BJP as he was when in
1 ,Paswan mocks Rahul's PM remark, says no vacancy in - Economic Times
1 ,BJP and allies are glorifying themselves with numbers while Kashmiri
0 , More than the toxic PAKISTAN, Ppl of India must brace themselves to fight out the fascist BJP. Indian army will take care of
1 , Muslim Maulana Appealed Muslims of Karnataka to Vote against BJP in assembly elections. Congress is trying to create com
1 ,QUINT I FOLLOW YOU TO HEAR U BAD MOUTHING MODI JI AND BJP AND PRAISING MAHARAJAH SHER DIL HINDUSTAAN KE S
0 ,Why PM Narendra Modi avoids the media The Financial Eress
1 , Khangressis looted money not safe any more, BJP will take it back to India, thank god for NAMO
1 ,Bjp curse of the nation
0 ,How satta bazaar bets on election - Bookies eect the BJP to win $NUMBER$ seats i
0 ,Owaisi would have won nothing in Maharashtra had Shiv Sena and BJP contested together or o
1 , Shame that Properties of BJP leaders and Businessmen close to BJP are both under NPA and are in areas that are security
1 ,You didnt get any Minister portfolio , hence being a BJP MP advocating for congress pres
1 ,JUSTASSKING and u should not have any right to speak against BJP party after D
1 , congress118
1 ,A video about Participatory democracy must for development PM Modi
0 , Dear old timers in BJP, by the time elx are over, your party may behave and look more Cong than Cong ever was, and mos
1 ,Why Modi is a bigger threat to Indian democracy than Trump is to America via
0 ,Exactly! Before two years Rahul was nothing, then bjp started deploying minis
1 ,BJP worker arrested for Rs crore kitty scam - via
1 ,State and central intelligence agencies given to Congress and tough seats between INC vs BJP and INC vs JDS.
0 , Why PM Narendra Modi avoids the media The Financial Eress
1 ,When the PM of a nation modi can distort history regarding Nehru and Bagath singh why blame the poor
1 , Mandrem MLA Dayanand Sopte clears the air on the rumours of him joining BJP, says he is a committed Congress leader and not
1 ,BJP or Congress
1 ,JK -BJP is the greatest stone pelter from
1 , Watch how Pakistani flag shown and Pakistan Zindabad Slogans Raised in Congress Candidate Feroz Saits rally at North Be
1 ,Its so amazing to see Islamists like you shit yourself just by the simple men like Modi and Savarkar. Wh
1 , BJP has 'wounded' India's soul by unleashing forces of intolerance, hatred and bigotry  Dr Tharoor http
0 ,It feels like all Nehru did in his time is to disrespect other leaders. And all Modi did is disrespect him.
0 , Surjit S Bhalla predicts full majority for BJP in Karnataka...Says BJP likely to win around seats,Cong ...In rec
1 , There is an irresistible turning of the tide" against the BJP and its politics of division&amp; hatred... h
1 ,I liked a video Ram Jethmalani ees Modi. Govt. Part-2
1 , Unlike BJP, Congress doesnt hit below the belt Divya Spandana !
1 , Great man of bjp
1 , That's why I support Modi . Freeloading bald assholes who have been leeching on public teats are now cut off from that. Awesom
0 ,Most of the surveys have shown that BJP is likely to emerge as the largest party while the Congress may lose...
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor via
0 , Watch Live BJP President addresses a convention of party workers in Goa
1 , Rajasthan elections coming, time for Akbar and Rana Pratap to come out of their graves and do duty for BJP
1 , BJP or Congress
1 , Recently theres been a fake propaganda spread throughout bengal&amp; kolkata about muslim restaurants serving dogs meat . BJP Cel
1 ,The Modi Doctrine in action.
0 ,No man,it was congress only who looted india..there are in the power for years but still
0 , BJP secy Rammadhab today made his stand clear. Seems like rather than wellbeing of Indian citizens ( Hindu+non Hindu), prog
1 , Modi govermnet's lack of reasoning and analysis is costing India and our collective future.  Dr Manmoha
1 ,Our questions is based on the accusation that ppl hate BJP yours is way out of context, It'
1 , Modi ji terrorists, maoist and stone Pelter's must met similar treatment which Israel give to terrorists.
1 , Modi &amp; Yogi were supposed to bring Tsunami to Karnataka.
1 ,AS A COMMON CITIZEN, I VOTED[ traditional supporter ] FOR BJP FOR BUILDING A BETTER INDIA. ITS FACT THAT I
1 ,Have you seen his helicopter interview? Vijai Trivedi was asking him about riots and Modi sudd
1 ,His very existence in politics is becoz he is in BJP somehow. The number of attempts to catch the limeli
1 ,Income Tax lens on top buyers of Nirav Modi jewellery via
1 ,Because of corrupt politicians and weak BJP govt., % of public is in favor of military rule.
0 , my advice to modi is not to say any
1 ,Comparison between Buddha and Modi shows your sickness, get well soon
0 , Most of the surveys have shown that BJP is likely to emerge as the largest party while the Congress may lose... https:
0 ,BJP govt appointed Governors are acting more as(BJP) politicians.
1 ,helpless pm Narendra Modi
1 ,BJP search for their chief of Rajasthan should end. I volunteer to become the scape goat
1 , We are very hopeful that Respected PM modi
1 , Exit polls can go horribly wrong! Why BJP, Congress should prepare for Karnataka surprise examples
0 ,It's duty of BJP media cell inform public. Their spokespersons wasting time on useless TV deba
1 ,Congis are eerts in worsening the enemity between two persons/community/nations.Cong was silent knowing Pak'
1 ,While for the Congress, this battle is one for survival, for the BJP, it is a litmus test of the potency of their
0 ,Gadkari's interview in HT today is worth reading. He clearly spelled out the functioning of the Modi Govt.And the p
1 ,Modi sir please before elections must introduce welfare schemes to people , former's and cg employee s for want your as next pm
1 , Youth is fed of this bjp congress cycle looting them, playing with their future.
1 , Modi pockets Arun River, Nepal PM to visit China d
1 , AS A COMMON CITIZEN, I VOTED[ traditional supporter ] FOR BJP FOR BUILDING A BETTER INDIA. ITS FACT THAT INDIA HA
0 , Delighted to address the India- Summit. Congratulated ASEAN family on completing years and emphasised on the pot
0 , Siddaramaiah stands with the masses while BJP stands for the crony capitalists who then fund this corrupt party to play nasty
0 , Congress insulted Cariappa in . So vote for BJP in .
1 , MLA Munirathna, a serial rowdy attacked BJP woman Corporator Smt Mamatha Vasudev in JP Park,pulled saree ofJDS Corporator Man
1 ,Vote for Bjp
1 ,ayyo. Yesterday quoted this tweet and said it's a marvel of Modi and Gadkari.
0 , PM Modi goes all out to win hearts, Nepal foreign minister says ties at new high.
1 , Country not safe in BJP's hands, says Shashi Tharoor
1 , CONGRESS / OPPOSITION / PAKISTAN &amp;MUSLIMS R restless , desperate n offensive sensing ri
1 ,It seems this wicked Narendra Modi is at it again..
1 ,This BJP Politician Which ever position he held or holding must be suspended by BJP for good. He re
0 , The writing on the wall is clear...It's time for BJP with absolute majority in Karnataka.
1 , The Modi Doctrine in action.
0 , Will give in writing that BJP will win polls with absolute majority Yeddyurappa
0 ,The BJP led government will be using May as an opportunity to set the tone for the Lok Sabha polls |
1 ,Hmm, its okay to abuse Sonia and the Congress in the most vulgar, vilest terms but when it comes to Mod
1 , Imagine the outrage if a non- BJP leader said this...Mr Nirmal is Speaker (J&amp;K ) &amp; close to Modi Ji. Insulting Indian Ar
1 , Country not safe in BJP's hands, says Shashi Tharoor
1 , Narendra Modi has lost the boardroom, says . Read the column:
1 , Kirti Azad has been suspended from BJP long back. BJP stands for territorial integrity of Nepal. We strongly condemn this misc
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides ShashiTharoor
1 , modi should be like the Professor. He should peddle his anti muslim bigotry openly with pride. D
1 ,This man sound like a dog. I think he is trying to get popular by insulting Modi and Sangh or he has dou
0 ,Pollsters overestimated BJP by as much as % last time says Rajan.
1 , Facts about Karnataka BJP's candidates in Modi's own voice. Do watch.
0 ,Every time extend helping hand to any one in distress, she is ensuring minimum votes for BJP. Best
1 ,And pappu says Modis foreign policy is a flop
1 , BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA
0 ,Sir then why BJP hard core supporters say they are for clean politics. So at the end its all about
1 , At the Tambe-Patil wedding in Shirdi (sister of Sachin, BJP Yuva Morcha district president) it was heart touching to wi
1 , Only BJP supporters not agreed with ur tweets..
1 ,Says Modi's India Is Rising !
1 , At one time, BJP workers celebrated saving of security deposits Amit Shah.
1 , Hmm, its okay to abuse Sonia and the Congress in the most vulgar, vilest terms but when it comes to Modi, its
0 , The BJP led government will be using May as an opportunity to set the tone for the Lok Sabha polls |
1 ,Karnataka Elections  A clear majority of BJP could propel Nifty above ,900
1 , All are non BJP governed states..
1 ,Bjp srkar tk
1 ,"Biggest Diplomatic Victory for Modi"
0 ,Yeh Modi is a dictator, globe trotter, eccentric, lunatic, bluff master, and a disgusting PM. Does not care for common men.
0 , It's not important who win but Modi has to go. First tackle the cancer then we can take care of other small diseases. https
0 , Blore betting predicts BJP win
0 , There's a lot of distortion of facts. To add to this many say they'll 'teach' Narendra Modi a lesson in .
1 ,LOL! Nirmala Sitaraman will be sacked or will continue as Defence Min is Modi's problem, Ask ur leader Chidambaram
1 , Modiji has the blessings of Mahadev himself to play a major role in RESTRUCTURING India.
0 ,When the crook Chidambaram asks about Rs lakh, tell the Congi crooks that once u send Son
1 , BJP TERRORISING the TERRORISED INDIANS?
0 , renowned reporter mahadev Prakash predicting $NUMBER$ for BJP, Congress jds .He is saying not to be surprised if Congr
1 , Anything less than seats is a massive defeat for BJP and they should introspect why Modi Wave is waning
1 ,After the announcement of Kanna Lakshmi Narayana as BJP president. Darbaris of TDP are busy digging about his past
1 ,Well Election Tourism is over. PM Modi is back to his boardroom and started working for his chosen corporate. Petro
1 ,Wish India be blessed with sons like our PM Sri Narendra Modi
0 ,Has market priced in a BJP win in Karnataka? Get the trade set-up from 's
0 ,yes but bjp lacks effective media management
1 ,BJP MP Sriramulu caught on tape in a sting operation where he is talking about paying Rs. crores for bribin
1 ,Win bjp
1 ,Battered &amp; humiliated by ally BJP, Mehbooba seeks help from her bte noire Omar Abdullah
1 ,Well Election Tourism is over. PM Modi is back to his boardroom and started working for his chosen corporate. Petro
1 ,WHAT ELSE CAN WE EECT FROM BJP? HOW ONE CAN B SO SURE EVEN FORMING THE GOVT ON TH IN KARNATAKA $NUMBER$
1 , You stupid people think BJP and congress are competitors in karnataka
1 ,PM Modi On Speaker Mode Or Airplane Mode, Never Work Mode Rahul Gandhi
1 ,BTW, , also check out the tweets of the loons that Modi ji follows...
1 ,Don't need Modi, we are not blind
1 ,Congress $NUMBER$
1 ,BJP $NUMBER$
1 ,Months vs Years Modi Govt to Celebrate th Anniversary With Eye on ..
0 ,Based on Salmans Black Buck &amp; BJP MLAs Unnao Rape Case, the people of India should really trust on the Judicial/L D
1 , Ayushman Bharat is National Health Protection Scheme by Narendra Modi Govt, which will cover over crore poor and vu
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA
1 ,MODI IS RESPONSIBLE FOR KILLING NEW ISSUE FOR YOU CRITICIZING HIM GHOST OF MODI MAKING TROUBLE EVERYWH
1 , PM Modi Vote Appeal For BJP.
1 ,With all belief, BJP will not punish Chidambaram, like
1 ,Oh so only if he does again that he as to face consequences? Y cant u bjp be ruthless against such ppl? Dumbs
1 ,Congress against everyone Patel ji
1 , So &amp; poll agency exit poll nos are also out . Giving Majority to BJP
1 ,So says Times, the dog at the feet of BJP.
0 ,BJP are professionals in diverting attention from their sins. Cry thief before you, the real thief, can b
0 ,Ya i heard a good pronunciation from Shri rahul gandi... very good...
1 ,I think they should will add much needed humility to the BJP
1 ,elections campaign Proved that Modi is indeed "Neech" Aadmi via
1 , China and India are friends-to-be under Modi and Xi . Another point of view by me and my colleague C
0 ,Don't want to RT this but yes Modi should be held up to the same high standards his supporters demand of others.
1 , Reform Perform Transform  Latest development tracker of Modi governments schemes.
1 ,Which state? Bjp wala hoga
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides:
0 ,Modi needs more talented and quality pe
0 ,When will narendramodi govt honour him with well deserving bharat ratna?
1 ,BIGGEST JOKE BJP WINS GENERAL ELECTION AND MODI IS SWORN AGAIN AS PM.
0 ,Neither trs or bjp nothing is doing for middle class people this time election come will certainly vote cor
0 ,BJP' president &amp; Modi are not new to party &amp; serving the party since many yrs,If they wanted billi
1 , Modi's trysts with lies continues unperturbed by their eure. Now falsely claims, no Cong leader visited Bhagat Singh in
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor C
0 ,New post Will give in writing that BJP will win Karnataka polls with absolute majority Yeddyurappa
1 , Yeah Modi will revive India's past glory
1 , Uplifting the weaker sections is the BJP's commitment PM Modi
1 ,Vote for BJP
1 ,The study of Arudha Lagna of Modi, RaGa would give you answers. Does the Heisenberg principle apply in astrology ?
1 ,"LG along with BJP and Opposition is creating hurdles in every Pr
0 ,P Chidambaram was so honest and innocent till ...Since Modi govt came in power..He amassed ,000 crore propert
1 ,But India keep mum what is the difference between Nehru and Modi?
1 ,Your channel is not a zee news it is a BJP news.
0 , BJP Karnataka President Shri cast his vote earlier this morning.
1 ,Hearing one prominent brahmin retired bureaucrat keen to join BJP in Andhra.
1 ,And BJP are desperate to get into Karnataka so that as usual, they can take all the credit.
0 ,While Cong was trying to trend MP/Chattisgarh/Raj yesterday ahead of assembly polls by end of , BJP is already
1 , A direct attack on Modi by . Is she fed up and tired with his rhetoric, lies and lack of performance?
0 ,Ravinder Raina, BJP MLA from Naushera chosen party chief by RSS for his vitriolic speeches and diatribe
0 , Shame on Modi government for deporting Muneeza Hashmi
0 , It is the Congress party that did not allow the law on Triple Talaq to be passed. How is the Congress even talking abo
1 ,Will BJP investigate Amit Shah ?
1 ,PM post is already booked in name of Narendra Modi, says Ram Vilas Paswan
1 ,Supreme Court to hear Cauvery case today, Modi- Center to submit draft
1 ,Political parties have no chemistry, will go with anyone who pays,BJP set biggest example,two way, shameless. Manif
0 ,Modi is a great feku and disgusting PM with very dirty mind set.
1 ,One is anyone could abuse Modi,Nation, and Hindus, there is no problem.
1 ,Make your children give up violence BJP leader to mothers of 'misguided youths'
1 ,Thank u,nd yes its terrible the words used against mr.Modi but we are bhakts not abusive trolls.
1 ,We feel country is now safe with BJP.
1 ,Mocking Rahul Gandhi too much over PM aspirations may become a Chaiwala moment
0 ,BJP record in matters of prosecuting the corrupt has been totally abysmal. Not one UPA politician has been convicte
0 , The BMC budget for Bombay last year was Rs. , crore. The Hindutva BJP and Shiv Sena can't give us a single decent
1 , Has Narendra Modis visit put India-Nepal relations back on firm footing?
0 , Don't want to RT this but yes Modi should be held up to the same high standards his supporters demand of others.
1 ,You are living in a Dreamland. There many failures than achievements in Modi d
1 , Shavraj's BJP Govt Has Failed at
1 ,You are right sir and all entertainment is in the news channel these days ... singing Modi or RaGa songs ..
1 , Bank loans to jewellers grow surprisingly after PNB-Nirav Modi scam
0 ,I like to see Bjp form govt but Reddy brothers bite the dust.
1 ,forty3 is guarded in their assessment...90..90..for bjp...cong
1 ,Why BJP is still with Mufti. Shame Shame Shame or just Kadi Ninda
1 , BJP can never produce Statesmen, as it would need education, culture and wider vision of the world, than narrow
1 ,According to the BJP Government is incompetent to investigate foreign assets of an Indian Citizen. H
1 ,Modi Nehru..
1 ,BJP will bow to any depth to get power but finally it will stand on soft ground, sinkhole will open and
1 ,THIS REPORT IS OF MAXIMUM OF BHAKYS N PARIVARY PEOPLE,A STOOGE OF THE MODI GOVT.BOGUS $NUMBER$ MENTI
1 ,Remember this Modi h
1 , While for the Congress, this battle is one for survival, for the BJP, it is a litmus test of the potency of their Modi Wave
1 , Another giving clear majority to BJP in .
1 ,India is perfectly safe &amp; fine in the hands of Modi &amp;BJP. But Congress future is uncertain till Modi is in power.
1 ,Why unnecessarily blame cong/NC/PDP Kashmir trouble. Bjp is equally responsible trouble in Jammu region.
1 , This should not be allowed to pass off. This man should be arrested. This tweet doesn't abuses Modi ji ..it
1 ,ATA Team with BJP leader Chintala Ramchandrareddy ji
1 ,How could you write a tweet without mentioning Modi? You need urgent treatment!
1 ,Rajsthan BJP MLA fighting infront of Minister via
1 ,Let's Thank the semi literate Modi Sarkar!
1 ,After Modi's visit, has PM Oli reduced his animosity towards India and has his infatuation with China been reduced?
1 ,So Modi is responsible for your personal failures? You are a coward.
0 ,You don't appear very confident of BJP victory in Karnataka since you are talking about Cong's plan to
1 , 'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family U via
1 ,I am heartily thankful to our hounarable PM Narendra Modi ji to boost health and medical education in daman diu and C
1 ,Minister says BJP brought Bangladeshis to stir violence
1 ,These were all make believe narratives of BJP; Suitcases full of cash was anyway laund U
1 , Modi Govt plans Rs ,000 crore sops to push eco-friendly cars.
1 ,He was among the few non BJP politicians I deeply admire
1 ,Watch full video and learn what PM Modi has done for poor through Ujjwala Yojana.
1 ,Isnt it insane to compare Mr Modi with Rah $NUMBER$C1
1 ,all million Indian Muslims must Start a petition for Modi to trialed by International Criminal Court at Haig. H c
0 ,Very sad about BJP. They always keep dubious party workers.
1 ,Thanks to the hounarable PM shri Narendra Modi is given numerous burnol moments and has been the sole reason behind
1 , Pls challenge M J Akbar on this, he is in BJP n wrote this...
1 ,By Deriding Rahul, Modi Proves He Is Rattled By Him via
1 ,Thank you very much from the bottom of heart of daman diu and DNH, PM Narendra Modi ji who is providing the medical
1 ,And dumb sanghis will think this was all because of Modiji.
0 ,Congress did all foundational work, BJP u
1 ,Dont Use Kedarnath For Settling Scores BJP
1 ,Oh bad Modi! Instead of asking Rs dolt Ruppan he makes d
1 ,I'd hain BJP it cell ki C
1 ,. They frequently questions Modi Govt But have not ca
1 ,I am heartly thankful to PM shri Narendra Modi ji for approval of medical college in daman diu and DNH which is the $NUMBER$
0 ,BJP are desperate to get into Karnataka so that as usual, they can take all the credit for the meal schemes, $NUMBER$
0 , Warm Birthday wishes to ji general secretary BJP Delhi. May god bless you good health and long life.
0 ,Modi would never hide behind any religion unlike the religionists .he may say vote % that's Dharma of d
1 , The only channel/agency giving Cong the edge in exit polls is n , rest all going with the BJP....was it t
1 ,Absolutely!! The Country is indeed not safe in Bjp's hands when they let a Killer like roam freely i
1 , BREAKING NEWS Congress supporting BJP in karnataka to go ahead..
1 ,BJP-RSS men, particularly unmarried RSS men involved in maximum rape cases in Madhya Pradesh, claims state Cong chi
0 ,Arvind Kejriwal's nephew arrested in PWD scam This is how Modi government is trying to crush AAP via
0 ,I remember accusing BJP of introducing abuse &amp; filth in our society &amp; praising govt when u
1 , India not safe in BJP's hands as nation cannot be 'built on divides' Shashi Tharoor
1 , Don't only talk against Modi ji, criticise his work, but we ask qtn wen u ppl Start playing against the Nation..
1 ,Congress -
1 , Asserting that a nation cannot be built on divides, Congress MP Shashi Tharoor on Sunday said India was not safe in the han
1 ,Retweeted BJP ():
1 ,Now you are trying to divide Pakistan? Or trying to do a la Modi; distort history?
1 , Sankhuwasabha locals are elated after Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and PM KP Sharma Oli remotely laid the foundat
0 ,., BJP We do not want to keep hardened criminal on the loose. That accounts for an unsafe society.
1 ,Dear BJP leaders in Kashmir,
0 , exit poll  A hung Karnataka Assembly with BJP as the single largest party
1 ,Never Blame any Congressman to call Our Respected PM such.
1 ,Tadipar has taken the Token of Mr.Modi.
0 ,Only in India, one can say this for a Prime minister. So much of hatred for Modi? Still if you think this is not fr $NUMBER$
1 ,What utter tripe! If not for brave Tukaram Omble congress would've pinned the whole thing on RSS &amp; BJP! Shameless l
1 ,Modi ji I like ou very and I am blind supporter of yours.I am also a big supporter of BJP.People aro
0 ,CBI set to charge PNB ex-MD in Nirav Modi scam today via
1 ,Like for Rahul Gandhi
1 ,Retweet for Modi
1 , Minister says BJP brought Bangladeshis to stir violence
1 ,Someone will come screaming ModiModi and all your senses will be blown
1 ,Kairana by-poll Why BJP is raking up 'Hindu eus' stink to ask for votes via
1 , BTW, , also check out the tweets of the loons that Modi ji follows...
1 ,Karnataka exit poll Why a win for Congress will change the game for BJP in Lok Sabha elections D via
1 ,By turning this into a "RW" , "Modi" issue, nobody is serv
1 ,Scrap Dealer Delhi J&amp;K BJP leaders' land row Omar Abdullah seeks probe into Army's concern
1 ,think about Narendra Modi
1 , Why BJP talks on this ? ( Aurangabad riot )
0 ,"Unless BJP wins Karnataka Assembly Election CMB cannot be done" NDA Minister. They would have arranged earlier tha
1 ,BJP - $NUMBER$ (32%-34%)
1 , India is not safe in BJP's hands, says Shashi Tharoor
1 ,A Punjabi living in Bangalore elains why BJP should not win Karnataka elections via
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA via
0 , If exit polls say JDS is crumbling (and that's a big if because they usually underestimate JDS), then Congress should do exceed
1 ,Name it after your grandpa or modi better. Rename the father if the nation too. Why not prove that absolute power corrupts.
0 ,Why don't you advise Modi to remove him from
1 ,The survey was exclusively taken in BJP offices.
1 ,India-Nepal ties scaled 'new heights' after Modi visit KP Oli $NUMBER$
1 , While I personally would never engage in vile slurs even against someone like modi ji, it is very normal in Western Democraci
1 ,Joy Ho Modi sir....I love my Pm In India
1 ,Its BJP all the way sir
1 , Congress culture
1 ,Bettings..Bjp /11, Cong /25, Jds /60 !! that's Rs. for etc!
1 ,FB should come up with a FEKU sign dedicating to BJP.
1 ,Nawaz's remarks on Mumbai attacks back Modi's stance Sherry Rehman  points well raised by
0 ,Most media predicted hung assembly in Karnataka which means bjp will form the government. Is ready to fig
1 , Has Narendra Modis visit put India-Nepal relations back on firm footing?
1 ,BJP not concerned about Goem &amp; Goemkar. The issues plaguing Goa. But only wi
0 , BJP Corporator of ulhasnagar was stealing govt. file from corporation.He is still in party with NO action I feel he will b
1 ,"Do kanwariyas and devotees at Sheetla Mata Mandir here not disrupt traffic? With the Modi (and Khatt
1 , How youngsters react for Modi &amp; Co's myth
0 , BJP proved, even son of a poor mother who is a chaiwala can become PM. &amp; congress wants to prove even a fool who is son of a
1 ,A must read article by on the only agenda of Italian National Congress to divide Hindus and bring down Modi.
1 ,We said the same thing in Gujarat and will say the same in MP, Rajasthan, and C'garh. Modi is a conse
0 ,Except Modi very true. But then it's our duty to bring them in good numbers and then th $NUMBER$
0 , She is defense minister of BJP
0 , Rahul is a janudhari Hindu when doing a temple run during Gujarat election..but Modi is doing vote politics when he visits te
1 ,Nawaz Sharif has endorsed Narendra Modi's narrative Sherry Rehman. C
1 ,I'm surprised is Modi serving the nation or serving Ambani and Adani?
1 ,Not one is convinced to vote for Rahul as PM. He doesn't even come close as a serious contender. He can never be co $NUMBER$
0 ,CBI set to charge PNB ex-MD in Nirav Modi scam today $NUMBER$ via MAY I INVOKE ONE GOOD $NUMBER$
1 ,Young guy's lead a dream project for our upcoming election of .Welcome to BJP
1 ,What were they thinking when they voted for BJP? BJP has always supported the settlement of Hindu Bangladeshis...
0 ,They claim BJP cant win a single seat on its own in Andhra, then why are Yellows so scared of BJP &amp; its newly appo
0 ,She seems to be good at defending bjp. Ministry be damned..
1 , After the announcement of Kanna Lakshmi Narayana as BJP president. Darbaris of TDP are busy digging about his past to get so
1 ,While and and turn a blind eye to BJP's unholy Nexus with th
1 ,You are not angry you are chutiya and befor speaking about modi's mother co d
0 ,Now a leader alerts booth level workers to work hard to win LS polls. What does this mean? BJP cud have told what t $NUMBER$
1 , Well, RSS and BJP are indeed anti-constitutional. Regardless of who is in power, RSS has its way and means. They have infiltr
1 ,Pl all congress party workers contribute to restore normalcy in Delhi otherwise our EM Modi will Ac
1 ,Under Modi Govt, Both Manufacturing &amp; Investments Slowed Down ?
1 ,Due to the Flawed GST of the Modi Govt, India's Erts as percentage of the GDP has plunged to the LOW
1 , Modi Govt mulls putting SC/ST Act in Ninth Schedule of Constitution to insulate it from judicial scrutiny.
1 ,Says Indicate Congress Not Coming Back
1 , IT estimates illegal assets held by Chidambaram to be to the tune of billion dollars; BJP says it's Nawaz Sharif moment
1 ,This is how you keep unbalanced economy looking balanced. Well done Modi. You all politicians are bunch of liars.
1 ,Govt Says Modi's Nepal Visit Fixed in Advance as Opposition Raises Doubts Over Clash With Karnataka Polls
1 ,It was RK singh(now Bjp Mp )who first coined that term "Saffron Terrorism" and he was spot
1 ,These were all make believe narratives of BJP; Suitcases full of cash was anyway laund
1 , I am no fan of Kejri but then anyone can see BJP is playing dirty game with Kejri government. Looks like Mod
1 ,BJP will come to power this time without the support of JDS. You will see the magic tomorrow.
0 , ., BJP We do not want to keep hardened criminal on the loose. That accounts for an unsafe society. I think
1 , Nepal Premier KP Sharma Oli said Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the Himalayan nation had elevated the existing relati
1 ,Long-Term Stagnation In Uttar Pradesh Is Modi's Biggest Challenge Ahead Of India's Elections
1 ,BJP India office have to think about this and
0 ,Every day we witness a new idiocy - Nuns visit to Srirangam temple BJP, Hindu outfits file complaint
0 ,CBI set to charge PNB ex-MD in Nirav Modi scam today via d
1 ,Nepal Premier KP Sharma Oli said Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the Himalayan nation had elevated the exis
0 ,BJP may win plus seats.
1 ,Fascinating insights from Axis exit poll for - Congress does best among poorest, uneducated voters. BJ
1 ,ITS FACT THAT INDIA IS IN SECURE HAND UNDER THE LEADERSHIP OF OUR RESPECTED PM SRI NARENDRA MODI JEE.
0 ,Gujarat Model? CM Modi govt failed to act on recommendtn by its police dept that a CBI probe b conductd into allega d8
1 ,All these Top five and Bottom five gonna dent BJP figures
1 ,BJP leaders' firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA
1 ,Mumbai's Police must immediately arrest this Man, for.abusing PM Modi
0 , Now a leader alerts booth level workers to work hard to win LS polls. What does this mean? BJP cud have told what the BJP run
0 , Every day we witness a new idiocy - Nuns visit to Srirangam temple BJP, Hindu outfits file complaint
1 ,Do tell us why.. can no one in the BJP IT cell make any difference..feels like helpless
1 ,Class XII political science books praise BJPs election win an
0 ,my ex colleagues Sales reps in Karnataka who tour deep interiors ther tell me BJP will sail thru !
1 ,You are an advocate and u think if Modi's supporter abuses someone then M $NUMBER$
1 , Fascinating insights from Axis exit poll for - Congress does best among poorest, uneducated voters. BJP leads am
1 ,May enly said to teach lesson to BJP in Kar
0 , So after exit polls ... now this is what my position BJP - , cong , jds and other the balance cake ...
1 ,Modi can do anything to show his inner hatred against Muslims specially Pakistanis
1 ,Always threatening the opposite party, and blaming others is moto of BJP party, there is nothing in the action d
1 , PM post is already booked in name of Narendra Modi, says Ram Vilas Paswan
0 , Someone told me today - Thro sealing, BJP wants to ruin Delhis retail business to pave way for FDI in retail in Delhi
0 , CBI set to charge PNB ex-MD in Nirav Modi scam today via d
1 ,Congrats u changed the party.. from BJP TO RJD
0 , When your 's uncle shares that Fake NASA Diwali pic as a Modi govt achievement...
1 ,India's Modi uses cultural ties to mend ties with Nepal
0 ,BJP wants d issues to be raised in LS election ? Else what prevents them from m
0 ,BJP must know that social media is not a substitute for politics or governance
1 ,But you are the Traitor No in BJP. BIBHISAN.
1 ,A Delhi court scheduled to resume hearing in connection with the National Herald case. During the last hearing, BJP
1 ,Shashi Shankar BJP , Cong , Close fight between BJP and Cong:
0 ,How can you trust RSS Modi that don't treat theirow
1 ,- Deal Young Entrepreneurs Pride, Modi Govts Shame
1 ,Think BJP will do better job?
1 , Yes. All states require development. The leaders of BJP in each area must work for p
0 ,BJP will win as single largest party
1 ,That's bjp
1 ,Government Bjp ki action congress legi wash
1 , BJP/RSS have developed in collaboration with to process the online application for
1 ,Good Luck to all.;Forecst-BJP-130 and rest assured.
1 ,Crackdown on shell companies Narendra Modi government, regulators now plan this move
1 ,Half truths and whole lies - ten times PM Modi misled the nation in $NUMBER$ via
0 ,years of Modi government Poll checks public mood
1 ,Thank god you didnt blame Modi and RSS
1 , My son and daughter in law has voted for BJP in Karnataka
0 ,Open your eyes. U cant see years was with congress.
1 , Congratulations on your success sir and we need your blessings and support ,. vasudevarao VVRAO Pedana constituency BJ
0 ,years of Modi government Poll checks public mood
1 , Congratulations on your success anna and we need your blessings and support ,. Vasudevarao VVRAO Pedana constituency
0 ,BJP must know that social media is not a substitute for politics or governance via
1 , But spewing hate is considered as a skill in BJP IT Cell. So, Ashish Kaul can apply there with his strength of s
1 ,Long-Term Stagnation In Uttar Pradesh Is Modi's Biggest Challenge Ahead Of India's Elections
1 , A Delhi court scheduled to resume hearing in connection with the National Herald case. During the last hearing, BJP leader Sub
1 ,Congratulations on your success sir and we need your blessings and support ,. vasudevarao VVRAO Pedana constituency $NUMBER$
1 ,Congratulations on your success anna and we need your blessings and support ,. Vasudevarao VVRAO Pedana constituen
0 , BJP must know that social media is not a substitute for politics or governance
0 ,years of Modi government Poll checks public mood CC
1 , Half truths and whole lies - ten times PM Modi misled the nation in $NUMBER$ via
1 , Crackdown on shell companies Narendra Modi government, regulators now plan this move
1 ,BASTARD WHO BUILD NATION YOUR MOTHER FATHER DOLLAR BAHU EIRED JOKER RAHUL ONLY KNOW DANCE NAK
1 ,What is ur prediction.BJP IS getting majority or not
1 ,Further proof that congress has accepted that e
0 ,If I will remember modi government then d worsed situation in j&amp;k vl d FAILURES OF FAILU
1 ,India-Nepal ties scaled 'new heights' after Modi visit KP Oli Du
1 ,Congress is supporting corruption of rupees crores of its leaders by giving examples (whether fake
0 ,if it is hung assembly then also BJP supporters can party coz
1 ,She knows very well that in BJP will not come in power, probably she is asking from future PM.
0 ,I should go for NOTA rather than BJP this time
1 ,Modi always wanted to be like " Brahma "
1 , Nobody can keep track of Modi slogans.
1 , Its RSS training which gave Modi &amp; gang to continue with Lies in india ! Good that u eed !
1 , Intel reports give Congress edge over others.Sources in the Intelligence Bureau (IB) said ttheir assessment after the pollin
0 ,PM Narendra Modi connects with lakh people in Karnataka through his app - Deccan Chronicle
1 , The first casualty of PM Modi's campaign speeches is the truth while history comes second. Here's a thread eing some rece
1 ,Intel reports give Congress edge over others.Sources in the Intelligence Bureau (IB) said ttheir assessment after t
1 ,Nuns visit to Srirangam temple BJP, Hindu outfits file complaint This bigotry of the fringe must stop. Enough.
0 ,I think even Bengaluru will vote for BJP. saw a clip Rajdeepwa visiting a restaurant and almost all rep
1 ,"Modi's religious posturing is like feeding the fed up. The fear of imposition of a Hindu identity once again on th
1 , Changing India. Fulfilling each promise made by to crore people. PM Modi face election with
0 , CBI set to charge PNB ex-MD in Nirav Modi scam today via
1 ,MMS cannot be compared to Modi. He was a stooge and I can't even remember campaigns h
1 ,Cong % =
1 ,BJP % =11480700
0 ,... and Modi badly needs that % jump in his IQ for it to barely register as a positive integer.
1 ,. Led by ChandraBabu Naidu, an ex CONgi
1 ,. Shamelessly allied with CONgis after bifurcation (for a bypoll in
0 ,Lies after lies after lies was the whole tale of DeMo, when BJP saw that people were s
1 ,Motherchod bjp
0 , "Modi's religious posturing is like feeding the fed up. The fear of imposition of a Hindu identity once again on the new
1 , Country not safe in BJP's hands Shashi Tharoor $NUMBER$
1 ,besharam patra , IF HAVE GUTTS THEN SEND MODI FOR AN INTERVIEW WITH $NUMBER$C
1 , Shashi Shankar BJP , Cong , Close fight between BJP and Cong:
1 ,I am from Orissa , Here naxal attacks reduced up to % , No attack since yrs, We are grateful to rajnath Singh, And Modi.
0 ,years of Modi government Poll checks public mood
0 ,Congratulations to all the cr people BJP and Defence Minister itself declares Rahul Gandhi as fut
0 , my ex colleagues Sales reps in Karnataka who tour deep interiors ther tell me BJP will sail thru !
1 ,Modi n company is like a New Eat India company for India
0 ,Yet Again Proves that You are the best buy for BJP...Its high time Subhash Chandra should think of it!
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, accountNPA
1 ,Modi telling lies for votes.
0 ,Modi govt plans Rs ,000 crore sops to push eco-friendly cars via
1 ,Except NDTV, most of our news channel seems to side BJP ....
1 , BJP president Amit Shah likely to visit Goa to address the party workers near Panaji today.
0 ,If BJP loses badly there could be some issues as people will project it nationally
0 , BJP workers have been arrested with money in Jhargram, WB. Police alleges that they were distributing cash for vote in Pa
1 , India is not safe in BJP's hands, says
0 , Whatever the PDP and other parties may say or demand, the BJP will never allow them to elore ways to bring peace to
1 ,Hey liberals- We know that your problem is Modi but dont worry, You have to endure him many more years. Count his
1 ,Replace 'Modi' with ur name . Thats goes well
1 ,Modi hired mob from Bihar for his nepal rally.
1 , Gowda may go to Cong.his a a simple manay go with Cong . Kumaraswamy may go with BJP like mayavati in U P and create c
0 ,running out of issues to raise BJP don't have anything to show to the voters, what they did in $NUMBER$
1 ,Vintage Media crooks The Congress secretly pushes the Pak agenda of breaking India, which elains their secret me
1 , Congress ruled Karnataka outshines BJP ruled states in ALL aspects of Development!
1 ,He's out so that BJP can use for their political gains
0 ,We don't know what he did to his wife &amp; he is saying country not safe in BJP's hand? It will be better then before.
1 , Cabinet approves modified Pradhan Mantri Vaya Vandana Yojana. Investment limits doubled to Rs. lakh, enhancing social s
0 ,The Narendra Modi government has done some really good work that will allow the economy to grow faster.
0 , Owaisi would have won nothing in Maharashtra had Shiv Sena and BJP contested together or one of
1 ,Abetted by bjp
1 , Discovering India is better than Destroying India, naa? Thats Modis in-progress masterpiece, Destruction of India h
1 , Modi Ji now there's litmus test for you. Please ensure that Pak is declared terrorist state by entire international community&ampanc
1 ,kya haal kar diya Modi, tu ne.
0 ,Don't disturb Modi for such things. These things are too small for him - This is what his cabinet sai
1 , Nuns visit to Srirangam temple BJP, Hindu outfits file complaint This bigotry of the fringe must sto
1 ,Forwarding Social Media Posts Equal To Endorsing It Madras HC Denies Anticipatory Bail To BJP Leader S Ve Shekher
0 ,despite of yogi's order public schools in up taking same admission fee as they were taking earlier because they r vote bank of BJP
1 , Many Many thanks to Shri Narendra Modi ji for New Medical College in Daman &amp; Diu $NUMBER$
1 ,Amit Shah appoints Lakshminarayana, Raina as BJP&amp; Andhra, Jammu and Kashmir chiefs u1
1 ,Public TV local news channel showing central intelligence report saying Congress would win seats. If true then bjp gone
0 , Prime Minister Narendra Modi to embark on a two-day visit to Nepal today. During the visit, he will hold talks with Prime Mini
1 , PM Modi will also be visiting the historic cities of Janakpur and Muktinath, apart from engagements in Kathmandu.
1 ,Don't support BJP
1 ,This is interesting. I dont give more than seats to Cong in Dakshina Kannada. Mangalore seat is most interesting
1 ,Prove it first. And you are mistaken. Corrupt people, in this country are not safe in BJP han
0 , All south local survey agencies say BJP to get +
1 ,Modi is not religious posturing he is born in Hindu Family and follows up all the religio u
1 ,Nautanki MP of BJP who cried/wept in Big Boss
1 ,That is why he made Modi Ji.
0 ,BJP leader and former deputy Chief Minister today appointed as Speaker of the Jammu and Kash
1 ,. ji pls sack this nirmal singh from BJP ...he is puppet of Pro Pak Agenda
1 ,Kudos to the District Administration, UP Electricity utility, -Modi Raj for restoring electricity by mid-night d
0 , Breaking news renowned reporter mahadev Prakash predicting $NUMBER$ for BJP, Congress jds . He is saying not
1 ,NarendraModi
1 , Fake voting by BJP agent caught red handed in Adarsh Nagar polling station in Vijayapura.
1 , *Leaves Modi for 'Special Status'*
1 ,Dr Vishnu Modi
0 ,Umm.. but markets rise up every time bjp wins, right? It happened in UP, Gujrat etc.
1 ,We know if it is Modi suggest PVT players dont have an iota of suspicion of wrong doing. Not same c
1 ,Long-Term Stagnation In Uttar Pradesh Is Modi's Biggest Challenge Ahead Of India's Elections - read my latest d2
1 ,INDIA WILL BECOME A RECONNING WORLD POWER UNDER MODI JI !
1 ,Okay so minus HK - Axis numbers are for BJP and for INC.. in HK BJP - , INC - as per Axis.. so th
1 ,Gayle wishing BJP all the best for Karnataka Elections
1 ,I talked to hundreds of Nepalis yesterday, they say whole Nepal love Modi and We are proud to be Hindu
0 ,Even national media described this election as Siddharamiah vs Modi. Wonder what happened to Kannada swabhimaana..
1 , Mahadev Prakash had predicted for INC in ,which was almost true. Hope,his prediction of $NUMBER$ for BJP in
1 ,Rs lakh In Cash Seized, BJP Leaders Held. The arrested persons included BJP Jalpaiguri district secretary Shubha D
1 , BJP India office have to think about this and come very
1 ,So, BJP deputy CM who of J&amp;K Kavinder Gupta &amp; his other BJP/RSS associates who supported Kathua rapists, bought lan
0 ,Hello Ex SP and current spokeperson of. BJP , could you please tell me when will
1 , So, BJP deputy CM who of J&amp;K Kavinder Gupta &amp; his other BJP/RSS associates who supported Kathua rapists, bought land near ar
1 , Hey liberals- We know that your problem is Modi but dont worry, You have to endure him many more years. Count his victory
1 , . Oil prices have not revised since April due to and Modi says oil prices are market controll
1 , says what has Congress done?
0 ,News Nation has put bjp ahead in kar
0 ,Modi needs sacking the germinator
0 ,  Show modi this when next time he or his Ministers say oil prices are market controlled.
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA $NUMBER$ via
1 ,Exit polls are part of BJP marketing strategies...
1 ,And he was asking for Lakhs from Modi Ji....
1 , Bettings..Bjp /11, Cong /25, Jds /60 !! that's Rs. for etc!
1 ,Ram Madhav was given incharge of HYD-KAR by BJP.
1 , I know for a fact that BJP will be removed from power. Be it or . I want to live to see the downfall of Delhi med
1 ,These are all honorific names given by public to BJP.
1 ,August , Mr Modi claims to create history by signing the NAGA Accord.
1 , BJP increasing prices of fuel when price of crude has been falling internationally.
1 , BJP Model of Governance means
1 ,Bank loans to jewellers grow surprisingly after PNB-Nirav Modi scam via
1 ,This is the holy agenda. Modi is trying to establish that Hindu dharma &amp; Hindu culture are the best in t
1 ,Mysore Headman Rector Siddaramaiah nowadays dubbed BJP's statewide yatra off his polity as a yatra of sorrow and af C
1 ,DIE-HARD MODI FAN KARNATAKA
1 ,THIS is fr CM who claims, there's no MODI Factor in K'taka
1 , A brilliant summary of the Vajpayee, Manmohan and Modi era, in a second video... Watch this to die laughing...
1 ,Bhai any update about BJP numbers?
1 , And yes, earlier it mattered to me that your life was at danger or job threat since your organisation is sold to BJP. But
1 ,MODI MANIA
0 , -- Police have arrested a BJP worker at Hebbala Assembly seat for "threatening" voters not to vote before local BJ
1 ,Income Tax lens on top buyers of Nirav Modi jewellery via
1 , Considering that Modi found Asaram a
1 , Both US PresidentDonald Trumpand Indian Prime Minister Modi have a complex relationship with "fake news" &amp; "false stateme
1 , After a fiery poll campaign the exit poll gives a winning edge to BJP.
1 ,Bangalore Urban has voted for BJP in large numbers
1 ,BJP a party where tea seller can become PM Amit Shah.. $NUMBER$
1 ,Modi is in Nepal, but Nepalis are unhappy with the visit via
1 ,Don't be surprised if smriti irani does change jursey(Jersey) if BJP loses general elections
1 ,Minus HK - Axis numbers are for BJP and for INC.. in HK BJP - , INC - as per Axis.. so the region
1 ,Video dekha paje, hame to bjp he chaheye
0 ,I am shocked!!! why don't you link it to the failure of Modi Government!!!make it as soon as possible
1 , There will be a BJP led government in Karnataka. It may require a support of nearly+5 seats.
0 ,BJp is worst party and others are not saint,
1 ,Eecting BJP single majority or BJP with JDS forming the Government. $NUMBER$ on Nifty fut is a crucial positio
1 ,But in my state nt a single voter is Congress supporter.....
1 ,At one time, BJP workers celebrated saving of security deposits Amit Shah via
0 , Is Modi afraid of real "vikas" of people because it will make his hate politics ir
0 ,Miya Your Queen allowed /11 to happen, Samjhauta culprits released,Saffron terror coined by Congre $NUMBER$
1 ,My understanding about religion and way of life. If Congress try to consolidate votes of a community, religion come cu2
1 ,BJP Cong didnt form SIT on black money to save PC
1 ,PHOTOSHOP BJP Jumla's
1 ,So, BJP deputy CM who of J&amp;K Kavinder Gupta &amp; his other BJP/RSS associates who supported Kathua rapists, bought lan
1 ,Polls Apart Why Karnataka Exit Polls Fail To Agree - NDTV . Cong .Not to underestimate the
1 , P. Chidambaram is the friend, father and philosopher of Black money, says , Spokesperson, BJP,
1 , Can't believe BJP has done badly in Bangalore and still got an overall edge. Something is seriously wrong with exit polls.
1 ,Rajdeep! The crowd that swelled for Modi in Muslim dominated area is incredible against the. Poor
1 , "Will Amit Shah rule Karnataka, Will Reddy Brothers rule Karnataka; Will Narendra Modi rule Karnataka?"- known BJP baiter &amp; Acto
1 ,I love Modiji But when there is something wrong I will raise it.. Thats my right too
1 ,Your point is right but Modi will not lose due to those selfish people, why % people like you are also from apollas.
1 ,Modi visit, from peoples perspective
1 ,FAIZABAD.1 Farmers here refer to useless surplus cattle now roaming &amp; ruining agri fields as 'Modi -Yogi!'
1 ,Strong Bjp , Cong ;
1 ,Weak Bjp , Cong ;
1 ,Equal .. So Bjp + easy task!
1 , . submits memorandum to the ECI requesting action against BJP candidate Shri B. Sriramulu for his corrupt practi
1 ,Dr Vishnu Modi numerology lecture in YouTube
1 ,Dr Vishnu Modi u can ..For more info visit...
1 ,See to what level bjp has stopped down
1 , We always Stand with Modi Ji in both Good and Bad times.
1 , Firebrand BJP MLA Ravinder Raina has been appointed as the President of BJP in the Jammu &amp; Kashmir state after Sat Sharm
1 ,OMG! Poor Modi. Looks like he was born with a disorder.What he writes once doesn't match with the scr
1 , Thanks for the video... though risky but such boldness is called Narendra Modi (respect)
0 ,After Chanakya exit polls, now its astrologer to say BJP gets majority and Yeddy will be CM looking at horoscopes o
1 ,JD Lakshmi Narayana is willing to join BJP. Hopefully it will materialize.
1 ,He said to BJP  if u play politics against growth
1 , Because BJP wont or cant? Does she even hear what shes speaking.
1 ,Sir, there's all the chances that JDS goes with Congress keeping siddu out and demanding Kumaraswamy fo $NUMBER$
1 ,Sir, you dont have to kowtow to Modi Sarkar in this manner. Plz speak up, sir. When its shit everywhe
0 ,She is very much bjp ka raksha manthri hai madam. Why these people want RG to investigate? Is he head
1 ,Also delivers a sound knock to a major premise of Modi's reset of Indo-China ties at Wuhan.
0 ,years of Modi government Poll checks public mood - The Economic Times
1 ,Why Modi is a bigger threat to Indian democracy than Trump is to America!No doubt,Potential danger to Indian democr
1 , Nehru Met Bhagat Singh in Jail The Tribunes Archives Disproves Modis ... $NUMBER$ via
0 ,Supreme Court judge Mr Ganesan is giving order.? Bjp should not win in the Karanataka election.
1 ,When the of BJP what is the importance of Congress protest. Do what you are mandated for. H
1 ,Times Now replaces PM Modis photo with Amit Shah after BJP was shown at disadvantage in exit poll prediction...
1 ,Not sure about Modi's mother but If your father had used condoms that nights,today here could be atleast one less idiot
1 ,I have been saying this for a long time. It may well prove to Modi jis most profound strategic blunder - rubbishi
0 , Bjp is anti hindu. They make claims for hindus but don't do. Like beef ban where they switched sides about that in Nor
1 ,Modi's partiality to allocate fund to non BJP states in India is show his narrow mindset. This wil
1 , PM Modi's upcoming travels east, major speech, reflect India's desire for a balance between China - Russia coalition and Cou
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides The Indian Eress
1 , Dainik Bharat ..gave seats in UP exit poll..does anybody knows about it..giving BJP seats...real or tukkabazi
1 ,Searching for "Arhar Modi" sloganeer folks.
0 ,What did Modi produce
0 , No change today either...wait for th of May and Modi will make a big hole in your pocket. $NUMBER$C
1 ,Modi promised transparency, but delivered secrecy UU
1 ,Luyten which hailed Modi visa issue, is now advocating visa of person from terror state...
0 ,she is not indians defense minister .nirmala is bjp news reader
0 , Things are changing for good! Professionals no longer trust Modi!! Wait &amp; watch on th May.
1 ,Well I am not saying he is BJP follower. He is somehow technically inclined about anti incombancy the $NUMBER$
1 ,And this is when I have not given any seat to BJP in Hassan district. I have given in Tumkur, Chikamagalur, K $NUMBER$
1 ,Retweeted Narendra Modi ():
0 , Entire BJP social media team has not eed opposition's black face as much as this man has done
1 ,Its was Modis jumle.
1 ,BJP only uses this kind of pressure tactics
1 ,Its a Shame BJP is in power CBI is yours go for it...Why Wait?
1 ,Just elect PM Modi in , u will see Owaisi and other Mullas chanting Jai Sri Ram
0 , If BJP still loses karavali after all this polarization, then it means that the demographics are now completely against it. No
1 ,Main thing is public is not thinking who is correct.. BJP members always lie.. They are changing histo D
1 ,Problem with bhakt is, when you ask what modi has done, you will talk about Nehru AK47 etc
1 , PM Modi's insulting reference to Bengaluru has drawn flak from Kannadigas. His on Bengaluru's infrastructure is p
1 , The inability of BJP to simply articulate the obvious was glaring.
0 , Ridiculous, if BJP people are doing it even if not in power then what would they do when in power. Like TMC is doing in
1 , Congratulations to and Saurabh Bhave for receiving the award for "Best Screenplay" at the New York Indian F
1 ,The Tribune  BJP slams Chidambaram ov
1 ,I think TDP-BJP break up has triggered BJP meltdown in HYD-KAR.
1 , Two BJP leaders have been arrested in connection with raping and murdering a divorced girl in the area of MP Chief Min
1 ,Long-Term Stagnation In Uttar Pradesh Is Modi's Biggest Challenge Ahead Of India's Elections D
1 , It appears like PM Modi has never visited except for electoral purposes. Described as 'One State, Many Worl
1 ,Modi's dadagiri ! Shameless PM &amp; his BJP is equally shameless !.
0 ,it is really amazing to know that BJP will form the government in Karnataka,we eect the same achivement
1 , Amit Shah appoints Lakshminarayana, Raina as BJP&amp; Andhra, Jammu and Kashmir chiefs u1
0 ,No any terrorist attacks in public places when modi time but remember upa time uncountable like /11 but this
1 ,Wonderful statement sir in future National BJP leader sir......
1 ,Shame on you Bhatt, you are retweeting Pakistani hate for Modi. Really
1 ,AMC Gujarat toll free Number miss managed Complaints related Departments to Escape from responsibility , .... PM Modi
1 ,Shame on Modi Govt that they have to deport the daughter of Faiz Ahmed Faiz.
1 ,How long BJP will keep playing this card? yrs hv past with them in power.
1 ,Bjp has always been underrated in Karnataka.
1 , So called bjp nationalist attack Indian Army calling it politically motivated as Army opposes building of houses by BJP L
1 ,Only if cong comes to majority, he will be barking like a mad dog.... If
1 ,BJP leaders Sriramulu &amp; Janaradhana Reddy
1 ,  EVM Scientist Tehseen Poonawalla reports massive EVM Hacking in , claims BJP is definitely going
0 ,Eliminating a Top Politician from BJP &amp; Planning serial blasts across the country - Mirza Faizal Khan is an example
0 ,BJP will be a true hindu party following Subhash and not Gandhi.
0 ,Former PNB chief to be charge sheeted today in the Nirav Modi case.
0 ,Why did modi go there C
1 ,In last days talked to random strangers (outside Delhi).BJP supporters wary of making grandiose predictions KN
1 ,A resolution to this effect is likely to be put up by BJP in Loksabha in the rainy June/July session. We must prote
1 , And this is when I have not given any seat to BJP in Hassan district. I have given in Tumkur, Chikamagalur, Kolar,
1 , EC recovers more than fake Voter IDs, in Karnataka, from a flat owned by BJP leader Manjula Nanjamari and rented to
0 , Modiji we are not interested in Jawaharlal Nehru - Bhagat Singh meeting of , you tell us about the Narendra Modi - Nirav
0 , Exactly. That's why i always say that democracy is not exactly destroyed by Modi, not yet because just see how people are aw
1 ,'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family $NUMBER$
1 , Well Election Tourism is over. PM Modi is back to his boardroom and started working for his chosen corporate. Petrol and
1 ,J&amp;K BJP leaders land row Omar Abdullah seeks probe into Armysconcerns. . BJPs claims to
1 , FoE under Modi ji
1 ,BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think
0 ,for them even their constipation is some kind of conspiracy by BJP &amp; Modi govt
0 ,The people of Pradesh want to win but they are tired of Shivraj. If the face is not changed BJP d
0 ,Ouch! Last time he did some sort of exit prediction was in UP. Said BJP mi
1 ,Today's BJP i
1 ,If BJP comes in they will reduce
0 , For young Indians, corrupt, criminal, communal, and clueless Modi govt simply isn't cutting the mustard
1 , Why Modi is a bigger threat to Indian democracy than Trump is to America!No doubt,Potential danger to Indian democracy&amp; minori
1 , A must read article by on the only agenda of Italian National Congress to divide Hindus and bring down Modi.
1 ,Hey congratulations for the high standards that you have set up. Celebrate a liberal
1 ,Modi is in Nepal, but Nepalis are unhappy with the visit
1 , Karnataka elections saw Modi take political discourse to a new low
1 , This is interesting. I dont give more than seats to Cong in Dakshina Kannada. Mangalore seat is most interesting. Bet
1 , PM Modi beating the traditional drums outside Muktinath temple in Nepal.
1 ,Congress Made Delhi as Rape Capital
1 ,The above statement also from Narendra Modi when he
1 ,But he said he is campaigning for his fren of BJP, Doesn't have concern with ideology
1 , BJP, VHP and other Hindutva outfits thought nuns will convert Sri Ranganathaswamy
1 , Karnataka is the pride of India. In a bid to score a few electoral brownie points, PM Modi has insulted Karnataka with his li
1 , J&amp;K BJP leaders land row Omar Abdullah seeks probe into Armysconcerns. . BJPs claims to super
1 ,Day by day petrol &amp; diesel prices are rising like anything. But modiji speak on this matter. Don't be
0 ,BJP and PDP coalition on Holiday tripamaged only past projects as for new has no time
1 ,What India couldn't achieve during Modi's Nepal visit via
1 ,what is the difference b/w Altaf Hussain and Nawaz Sharif both speak Anti Pakistan and use Language of RAW and Modi
1 ,BJP, VHP and other Hindutva outfits thought nuns will convert Sri Ranganathaswamy
1 ,I was talking about NewsNation in Bihar. They put MGB ahead. Yes, their Karnataka poll puts BJP in lead.
1 ,According to your boss (pappu) Modiji is responsible for this heavy thunderstorms.
0 ,man Raina is new BJP state chief
1 ,Aur baat bhi sahi h agar hamara kaam hone se rokoge toh hm marenge hi.(By not giving votes to BJP)
1 ,BJP will not get a single minority vote, even in dreams. Hope there isnt any split in SC votes and BJP wins.
1 , Congratulations guys. kind of islamisation of has begun. Now wait for more human blood in the name of their I
1 , While Congress means progress, BJP is with everything that hinders progress i.e corruption, child deaths, illiteracy and commun
0 , I am not a supporter of Congress. However I will vote for Congress to defeat communal BJP.
1 ,Bjp should stop worrying about elections now, concentrate on governance else will loose credibility
1 ,twosome&ampnesome meatball.These three r more like housemaids of Sonia&amp;Rahul.Rajdeep atte
1 ,Rahul Gandhi is remote con
0 ,Dear Arnab, you and your channel are disgustingly pro BJP which is not playing a good media role. D
1 ,Means this bjp man has personal interest against National interest.
1 ,Sly to Modi?
0 ,West bengal must vote for BJP for better future of India.....
0 ,Instability in govt taking toll on BJPs ideology MLC
1 , Unbelievable love and affection showered by nepalese public on . All modi haters from India should watch https:/
1 ,rafale is not bofors deal &amp; rafale agreement is in BJP ruling rather than congress we proud there is
1 ,Non BJP ruled state .....so chalta hai C
1 , 'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family $NUMBER$
1 ,Andhra BJP attacked Anitha w/ a video clip only *after* TDP left NDA. In the full interview, she says she beli
0 ,If this had happened in bjp ruled state you would have gone into hysterical reporting non stop cov
1 , There was one video of AajTak, in which he had said that Modi has given him a written undertaking to bring BB back
0 ,Here in my society, area in Ahmedabad most people including my relatives were pro modi but % of th C
1 ,BJP should clean its house &gt;&gt; BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account
0 , Surjit S Bhalla predicts full majority for BJP in Karnataka...Says BJP likely to win around seats,Cong ...In recent ti
1 , Please accept demonetisation is a success or else BJP will waste crore more tax money on advertising its false success.
0 , The Modi government has taken a crucial step towards having integrated theatre commands where all manpower and assets of
1 ,A detailed article on recent summit between President Xi &amp; PM Modi. Courtesy IMR.
0 , per cent or out of believe government on track to deliver its promises..3/4 th People backed the Modi Govt on Handling
1 , A liar is a liar - In the USA, journalists openly call Trump a liar. In India, for a habitual liar like Modi, it has to be su
1 ,Open defection is not allowed..modi is on swatch Bharat mission
0 , Here in my society, area in Ahmedabad most people including my relatives were pro modi but % of them n
1 , No place for dalits and backwards in 'heart' of Congress PM Modi
1 ,'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family
0 , The Modi government is working hard to secure India from enemies both within and outside about which people aren't aware
1 ,Retweet For BJP
1 ,Like For Congress
0 , The world's largest democracy. years gone. Why is Narendra Modi, India's Prime Minister, so scared of doing a full-fledged
0 ,RSS face Ravinder Raina is new BJP state chief
1 , Modi goes to Nepal. A young Nepalese debutant gets a Gujju's wicket on debut in IPL. Right masala for to spin a
1 ,will only speed up BJP's rise in Bengal!
1 ,Ex-MD of Punjab National Bank to be charged by CBI in the Nirav Modi scam. Interesting to see whether the charge wo
0 , After Chanakya exit polls, now its astrologer to say BJP gets majority and Yeddy will be CM looking at horoscopes of Modi,
1 ,I think modi ji has brought all the blackmoney from foreign a
1 ,This is why BJP will struggle in . You don't know how to use the power that we citizens gave you. Congress hoti
0 ,"Will meet Modi tomorrow to fix time for sweari
1 ,throws Dalit CM googly plan B of Cong in a hung assembly? Kumaraswamy reportedly flies to Singapore
0 ,As long as BJP will rule this country , its politician would like to change every thing in the country .
1 , Impact of Modi's visit in Nepal.
0 , If this had happened in bjp ruled state you would have gone into hysterical reporting non stop coverage.. Fa
1 ,manoharparrikar My message to BJP Booth Karyakartas.
1 ,Congress must
1 ,Now BJP should ready to watch.
1 ,Congress's electoral injury is a thing of
1 ,Time to remind , Modi ji still follows that cretin...
1 ,Now go threaten him. You will be thrown out of BJP U
1 , Now says had given up his in protest against British repression... The BJP c
0 ,years of Modi govt Survey says popularity down but per cent satisfied, communalism major concern - India Today
1 ,All 'Bapus' of BJP &amp; Asaram are innocent and unblemished.
1 ,Very well put across !! Without an iota of contribution to freedom struggle, BJP and its leaders are
0 ,Modiji ur great pm but medium class self employed is very poor so please think us
0 , Gauri Lankesh's brother Indrajith campaigns for BJP candidate, blames Congress govt for sister's death
1 ,Bhagat Singh would have hated BJP's ideologies, you are talking about an atheist who never cared about temples and
0 ,years of Modi government ET opinion poll
0 ,Mam now needs to answer why petrol prices were kept under control just so the BJP coul
1 , Nobody Can Step Into BJP National President s Shoes..
1 ,Why no agencies working proactively (forecasts etc)to avoid such losses? We already heard what Congre
0 ,. . Modi ji namaskar good morning
1 ,BJP will win in karnataka with exact seats !! Jai modi
0 ,Nawaz has pro indian stance may be bcz of budiness ties, dilshad begum or foundness modi, he never condemned kalb
1 , The moot question is, does the "strong" Narendra Modi have the guts to take a unscripted press conference, such as the C
1 , Congress must
1 ,Congress's electoral injury is a thing of the
1 , There is no doubt, Nawaz learnt the tactics of killing innocents from Modi Sarkaar! https://t.
1 , Time to remind , Modi ji still follows that cretin...
1 ,Now go threaten him. You will be thrown out of BJP in hour
1 ,There is a crucial difference Pidi, now folks at the receiving end are Hindus and BJP, so stay silen
1 ,Intresting answer to BJP president on Jinnah with strong evidence.
1 ,The RSS/BJP arent after him for nothing. They know his potential.
0 , Inside information Mr. Modi had to meet his mother today to wish her happy mothers day. But for some reason
1 ,West Bengal Panchayat Election LIVE CPM Worker, Wife Killed After Set on Fire; BJP Candidates BeatenUp
1 ,India-Nepal ties After Modis visit, the ball is now in KP Olis court
1 ,Nawazs remarks back Modis stance
0 ,If true, whats stopping the Nations (read BJP) own Repub
0 ,Nothing just leader ship.. So many rape cases on BJP mla's. Then also lots of educated people supporti
0 ,Why I am repeating this after two years! Not because it naade sense in real life but that "Narendra Damodardas Modi
1 , BJP has to work with Gowdas, /7 to eradicate Congress and Duffer Gandhi and put them feet underground as per Cha
1 , challenged that BJP will not cross seats. After knowing the public opinion and poll prediction, he is total
1 ,Rahul only have Modi in his mind , even at night he dream him only
1 ,BJP was/is never there in that region. It was always a JD(S) and Cong bastion with mostly farming community deciding the victors
1 , In the next days days BJP has to Burn The Midnight Oil to be after Deve Gowda and his son to form Government, the wa
1 ,I cud not understand till date ~ R these cabinet ministers of Modi_Govt loo
0 , Middle class voters are still not ready to vote congress but they are also not so enthusiastic about voting to BJP. whic
1 , The Gender equation is interesting. More females have opted for BJP than the Congress. This is in trend with other states i
1 , He PROPELLED BJP from to seats despite no anti incumbency against Siddaramaiah, who governed with money flowin
0 , Examine the exit poll objectively. Most of it shows BJP as the largest single party having around seats and JDS ar
0 , Middle class are very important voters for BJP and BJP should try to create that wave again for them to be enthusiastic.
1 ,Because BJP knows that through honest efforts AAP can never be routed from Delhi
1 ,. Elections over, Modi gives green signal to increase petrol prices
0 ,Congress Party Zindabad BJP party Muradabad
1 ,Welcome on record beating poll,good sign for democracy&amp;BJP both.
1 , if i should hate modi then give me a reason to love ?
1 , throws Dalit CM googly plan B of Cong in a hung assembly? Kumaraswamy reportedly flies to Singapore p
0 , With an investment of Rs ,000 crores, the Modi government gave the green signal to convert Deesa airportin Gujarat int
1 ,Modi is all about sectarianism,division,paranoia,megalamonia,falsehood,hatred,philistine,violence.
1 ,After days they hiked petrol prices...thanks to karnataka election and Jai Modi'ji
1 , Come &amp; Modi will certainly lose elections. Out of the many reasons the most impacting blow would be from faulty i
0 , Congress Party Zindabad BJP party Muradabad
1 , BJP veteran Shatrughan Sinha praises Congress president Rahul Gandhi, takes a dig at PM Modi
1 ,Modi busy catering his crony capitalists and doing fancy dresscompetition in in election campaignand C
1 ,Such comments do not behove you sir. Have you even tried to see what a transformation Modi has brou
1 ,Army objects to BJP Leader &amp; Ex DY CM Nirmal Singh's illegal Nagrota construction as security threat. Further, he b
1 ,BJP Booth Member Attacked in many Places by TMC Gundas; they are removed from Polling Station.
0 ,Major hauddle at BJP HQ (2nd of such nature) with Gen Secs and State Chiefs today with Shah chairing. Sole agenda For ek bar, Modi Sarkar.
1 ,BJP Party Not Giving Any Funds To AP | Tulasi Reddy | Vamsi's Sunrise Show $NUMBER$ via
1 , Nawaz Sharif &amp; Amitabh Bachchan both have been named in Panama papers and host of other close friends of PM Modi. Now do you un
0 ,BJP eected to win $NUMBER$ Seats, Congress not to cross &amp; JDS $NUMBER$
1 ,Modi ji is exceptional.
0 ,Modi is a great feku and disgusting PM he is a marketing manage
0 ,Air modi pm great day kab ha...
1 , India-Nepal ties After Modis visit, the ball is now in KP Olis court
1 ,I elain how Narendra Modi is raging a war on reality.
1 , The Finance Commissions mandate on revenue sharing cant be contingent upon a states fulfilling BJPs objectives. This wi
1 ,It is definitely going to be suicidal. I think the top leadership of BJP is wise enough.
1 ,Agree with Congress allegations, BJP is responsible for these corruption E-
1 , BJP Booth Member Attacked in many Places by TMC Gundas; they are removed from Polling Station.
1 , BJP only uses this kind of pressure tactics
1 ,Its a Shame BJP is in power CBI is yours go for it...Why Wai
0 ,Mam now needs to answer why petrol prices were kept under control just so the BJP could get more
1 , The income group distribution is on eected lines. The low income and disadvantaged groups has supported Congress in big n
1 ,Congress, BJP in talks with JD(S)
0 ,After like an year of damage to economy? Ineerienced and silly governance of BJP. Worst!
0 ,Modi as prime minister will be disaster for INDIA - Dr. Man Mohan Singh in Feb
0 ,Congrats to Govt for starting a new train to Chennai and being flagged off by Our Gajender Singh Shekawat
1 ,-Congress winning Kar&amp;2019
1 ,-BJP in PANIC mode
1 , After days they hiked petrol prices...thanks to karnataka election and Jai Modi'ji
1 ,Even axis gives to Bjp in Mysore region .. they differ basically about Hyderabad Karnataka region
0 , Where did I tag you as pro or anti BJP?
1 ,does BJP agree that PM told he will deposit L in our accounts ?? or as stated by
1 , Amit Shah is like a comedy show, PM Modis speeches hollow and ineffective, says CM
1 ,as student and as a staunch follower of Sri modiji I convinced atleast $NUMBER$
1 , Q Why one particular poll gave huge numbers for Congress?
1 ,A Just to give three sleepless nights to BJP supporters. MSG Thu
0 ,Country under BJP government is not safe for corrupt killer terrorist mafias communalism in true and real term not
1 , Bhagat Singh would have hated BJP's ideologies, you are talking about an atheist who never cared about temples and mosqu
0 ,Plz save from tmc terrorist so vote for bjp for development of everybody ..
0 , I cud not understand till date ~ R these cabinet ministers of Modi_Govt look afte
0 ,Major hauddle at BJP HQ (2nd of such nature) with Gen Secs and State Chiefs today with Shah chairing. Sole agenda Fir ek bar, Modi Sarkar.
1 ,Which SP Mukherjee are you talking about ? BJP fellows hav
0 ,PM Narendra Modi's four years of is very nice for me.
1 ,Because Modi is a fraud, he will never make India, a Hindu nation. He is Islams dalal.
1 ,BJP  Amit Shah is bjp cheer leader.
1 , When Modi was born, abortion was not available in India...But it was definitely available as an option to your mother...Ju
1 ,Cong's Sharif moment? BJP on Chidambaram
1 ,Shameless journos..ho criticize modi with no substance in hand..r tight lipped on mamta Banerjee fiasco in west Ben $NUMBER$
1 ,I am also of the same opinion. BJP will do that to divert public attention.
0 ,Then BJP is surely winning. "Intelligence report" and "RSS survey" are two fake things used
0 ,Here's the first result Amit Da Modi da and BSY declared elected unopposed to the BJP national executive.
1 ,Karnataka elections saw Modi take political discourse to a new low
0 ,Sheikhular:- What has Modi done in years
1 , There is in Bihar who is sucking up to Congress, RJD &amp; Trinamul for a LS tkt. But he is a blank head and hu
1 ,For a change he has not blamed Modi Ji n RSS for this.
1 ,blocked all the BJP/Sangh IT coolies
0 , BJP will win more than $NUMBER$ seats, Congress will not be able to cross seats and JDS will not cross $NUMBER$ seats. There is a s
1 , India ready to be 'Sherpa' to help Nepal scale mountain of success PM Modi
1 ,The sidda shift !! Biggr role in nationl politics ??? Aftr his state show on tackling the BJP , may b so !!
0 , Jignesh Shah of FTIL did biggest scam in commodities market (NSEL Scam of Crores) and siphoned tons of mone
1 ,When JDS leader Fly to Singapore that is BJP plan???
1 , Lamichhane, a graphic designer, launched hashtag to eress his anger. A day before Modi ar
0 , Bad news for BJP  % people in M.P Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh want to vote out BJP ..
1 ,His speeches indicate that the right thing for him is to quit BJP&amp;then decide his future politics.
1 ,has already made his plan B and C. If JDS won't support BJP, JDS will dev
1 ,Its not black-n-white. Many Ecosystem crooks were brought or bribed by Nirav Modi with huge
1 ,Economically what Modi rule has achieved?Nothing b
1 ,She talks about defense of BJP
1 , Deeply satisfying that got medical bail for Lalloo Pd Yadav at Ranchi HC, despite huge opposition frm Modi Govt/ CBI even
1 , Yee, If BJP looses Karnataka - Communal riots for sure especially in South India, unleash hatred in the name of
1 ,If we can add Skill India Make in India more efficient. Set up help desk at each BJP office in each cit
1 , This is enough for us to re-elect Modi ji in
1 ,Resignation rant is only for BJP Members!
1 ,Shame on you. I am not bjp suporter but still reporting your account. abonimable way to criticize.
1 ,sir pls state what is BJP action action on Cauvery... for DMK mishandling, they already lost election i
0 ,Modi is a great feku and disgusting PM he talks too much a
0 ,Its all over again. Left &amp; BJP teaming up . Albeit in one corner of Bengal and not on the national stage whi
1 , It's a well-orchestrated plan to drive out Hindus from their homes, everywhere in India. This foolish BJP m
1 ,We must protest and seek assurance from BJP to change such discriminatory l
0 , Why I'll vote for Modi in :
1 , Andhra BJP attacked Anitha w/ a video clip only *after* TDP left NDA. In the full interview, she says she believes in all
1 , Elosive !! Modi can write in different kind of Handwritings !!
1 ,All Including Rahul Gandhi Very, Very Confident Of Winning Karnataka. "Amit Shah, Modi, everybody knows BJP will no $NUMBER$
1 ,Tavleen is so bitter against Modi these days. What gives? Evergreening loans to HCC not happening?
0 ,BJP must know that social media is not a substitute for politics or governance
1 ,hi maim I have a Registered movie script for pm modi ji please please
0 , 'Modi Doctrine' has failed in Nepal - Modi can't eect to rebuild trust and good faith with Nepal in exchange of fea
0 ,Have you added all these marginal seats in congress tally only? Or bjp's tally also include some marginal seats?
1 , She talks about defense of BJP
1 ,Cricket connection will boost India-Nepal ties, says PM Modi
0 , If BJP wins then due credit is given to Rahul. What more do you eect sir?
0 ,Some more bravado from the people who arrested Nirav Modi, Lalit Modi and Vijay Mallya.
0 ,Secular:- What has Modi done in years
1 ,. Shamelessly allied with CONgis after bifurcation (for a bypoll in Telangana
0 ,Rahul Gandhi himself out on bail, why Chidambaram hid details of his assets, asks BJP via
1 , Better think to leave India as Narendra Modi will remain India's PM for the next terms. Your abuses make him stronger, you f
1 ,After protests over citizenship bill, Assam BJP says will wait for final list
0 , Not only has the Modi government raised the respect the common Indian has for our soldiers, it has also fulfilled some i
1 ,There are ample reasons for Modi's mother to be objectively ashamed of her son... but only if he had not
0 , India is always Great Nation but modi is great talker but not a
1 , Mr. Modi had at a rally in Bidar, Karnataka, sought to know from the people if any Congress leader had visited the revolutiona
1 , All Including Rahul Gandhi Very, Very Confident Of Winning Karnataka. "Amit Shah, Modi, everybody knows BJP will not win".:
0 ,INR update If BJP wins seats in Karnataka INR can head to $NUMBER$ temporarily
1 ,What rubbish... given the activities of BJP in the past few months I was under the impression that Hindus support r
0 ,Shameful attitude modi govt
1 ,Sequence of events after some suggested hung assembly with Congress as the sin
1 , If u have any problem from BJP n BJP government,
1 , Shameless journos..ho criticize modi with no substance in hand..r tight lipped on mamta Banerjee fiasco in west Bengal....
1 ,Country not safe in BJP's hands:
1 ,Every Vote Modi.
1 ,Wow... Enlightenment...I can understand your low morale... BJP IT cell.
0 ,Please stand with your comment and ask the BJP govt to CONTROL population by imposing child policy. we are aski
1 , YOGIJI, MODIJI ENVISAGED DIGITAL INDIA,BUYERS SUPPORTED, TWITTER CAMPAIGN WAS LAUNCHED,MULTIPLE OF THOUSANDS TWEETS WERE
1 ,Lotus - BJP winning Karnataka
1 ,Why not bjp file a case against him he is using such a bad words ...Why h
1 ,Corruption is everywhere in BJP also if Chidambram case be investigagte then why not the son of Amit Shah
1 , Your channel is not a zee news it is a BJP news.
0 ,its true, nothing new to world, but I challenge you, Ask modi govt and CBI to jail him,, modi govt wil
1 ,BJP President to chair a meeting of the party's office-bearers today.
1 , BJP Panchayat poll candidate from Nadia says, "TMC workers ransacked our house &amp; sexually assaulted my sister-in-law. They have be
0 , "Congress did nothing in years. Whatever little they did, even that we shall undo. Lol."
1 , All Media channels reported that CBI confirms Rape charge against BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar in Unnao case but just now CB
0 , Some more bravado from the people who arrested Nirav Modi, Lalit Modi and Vijay Mallya.
1 , Sorry BJP $NUMBER$. Error. Btw they will get less. Will be around . JDS spot on.
1 ,RAPIST, MURDERERS,NIRAB MODI aur VIJAY MALLYA NO CASE
1 ,Irony absolutely bludgeoned itself to death when he called some elements of the BJP Jaichand Sir forgotten ?
1 ,Nirav Modis US firms got Rs cr PNB remittances via
1 ,My goodness! Height of negativity Mr. Bhushan. Every time anti Modi/ BJP/ Hindutva! What's wrong with yo C
1 ,Ha ha ha ha Modi going to la
1 ,That's one complaint I always had with him. When BJP is winning he
1 , BJP in opposed of % FDI now came with %.
1 ,All Congress icons minus Nehru Gandhi are BJP icons!
1 ,BJPigs never have enough spine to ask where are the graduation and post graduation degrees of Modi
1 ,Income Tax lens on top buyers of Nirav Modi jewellery | ET Retail - IT LOVES DIAMONDS' NEC
1 , BJP Supporters after Exit Polls
1 ,West Bengal panchayat elections LIVE Minister says BJP brought Bangladeshis to stir violence
1 , India voted BJP with the hope of 'Acchhe Din' that their 'Achhe' leader promised.
0 ,Yes. After shamelessly giving blatantly communal call to Muslims in Karnataka to vote for Congress en masse to defe
1 ,She lost her trust in Modi
1 , Country not safe in BJP's hands:
1 , Ex-MD of Punjab National Bank to be charged by CBI in the Nirav Modi scam. Interesting to see whether the charge would b
1 , Madhya Pradesh or Maha-Rape Pradesh? This BJP rulling state is the most unsafe for the women has been embarrasing &amp;
1 ,It is time to call out the bluff on the claim that % of India voted against Narendra Modi
1 , I hear the police are looking to jail all those who are calling Mr. Modi a liar. Well, the nation then has to be turned
1 ,Awaiting a massive crackdown on fraudsters nd corrupts in coming weeks..d noise against modi is gonna get louder..n
1 ,Face consequences like Pak is facing..these BJP wallahs are fools of first degree..
0 ,if that wud hv been in govt u wud hv tagged Modi,why don't u hv guts to tag &amp;
1 , What rubbish... given the activities of BJP in the past few months I was under the impression that Hindus support rape of Mu
1 ,Rs Lakh In Cash Seized, BJP Leaders Arrested -
1 ,Meme which elains, how clean India has become after Modi's rule.
0 ,BJP government to be blamed, why not allow forces to shoot n kill these stone pelters, just /3 days, all will stop. $NUMBER$
0 ,Congress get only % while BJP gets %. It shows who will win election. India $NUMBER$
0 ,tmc minister loses his cool and slaps bjp polling agent in coochbihar nataguri area
1 ,CORRUPT CONGRESS and
1 ,A nice video related to Years of Modi Govt | BHIM App (Bharat Interface for Money)
0 , If true, whats stopping the Nations (read BJP) own Republic, Time
1 ,doing nothing. They will just accuse Congress of Corruptio
1 ,Pre-Poll, Vote Share data now available on our website . Analysis shows BJP making big gains
1 ,Sardana Rohit is like Shatrughan Sinha in BJP, kept only to
1 ,CM Goa message to BJP Booth Karyakartas that save India from Cancer risk by Protecting Environment, Sports Grounds, RTE.
1 ,Nirav Modi firms received $46 mn remittance from PNB in US via
1 ,Another first for Modi!
0 , Rahul Gandhi himself out on bail, why Chidambaram hid details of his assets, asks BJP via
1 , Irony absolutely bludgeoned itself to death when he called some elements of the BJP Jaichand Sir forgotten ? https:
1 ,BJP  Credits of to is mine, debits are Congress'es.
1 ,Post Karnataka Elections total revamp of BJP Telangana.
1 , Just when you thought is going to be breaking news. Republic TV comes to the rescue of BJP.
1 ,All bjp mla &amp;MP should start this all over india
1 ,st book of its kind site:Modi Scares Muslims Should They
1 ,BJP WILL GET
0 ,Muslims never forget babri mosque demolition or Gujarat riots.they blame bjp for it and never vote for bjp.
1 ,The most scientific analysis forty3 predicts BJP coming to power on its own.
1 ,But all Bengali journalists and so called intellectual finds BJP as the communal party.
1 , Congress now even objecting PM Modi's visit to a temple
0 ,When TMC people killing BJP people on daily basis, CPI(M) Congress or media everybody was silent. But i am not
1 , Hema Malini is a BJP MP from &amp; not MLA as mentioned earlier.
1 ,Modi, Shah in touch with me, per cent confident of victory, says Yeddyurappa via
1 ,The most scientific analysis forty3 predicts BJP coming to power on its own.
1 ,Modi ji msmes units in problem because any state not give the work to msme I also operate industrial
1 ,French newspaper Le Monde refuses to run Narendra Modi's interview
1 ,Because Dear Child BJP has a fierce reputation of killing its opponents in the name of religion &amp; caste. $NUMBER$d
1 ,While Modi's humility seems exemplary. His actions and hindutva idealogy make these gestures psychopathic than humb
1 , Action initiated against banks with NPAs by Modi Govt.
1 , Pre-Poll, Vote Share data now available on our website . Analysis shows BJP making big gains in K
1 ,  Hema Malini is a BJP MP from &amp; not MLA as mentioned earlier.
1 ,CORRUPT CONGRESS and its
1 ,See, how ironic you're being TOI, India is standing up on her own feet under Modi government!
1 , Why Did chose only her letter and daughters/children of RSS/BJP/Hindu Workers?
1 , Income Tax lens on top buyers of Nirav Modi jewellery | ET Retail - IT LOVES DIAMONDS' NECKS
1 ,Cong, BJP or hung in Karnataka is still debated. But all polls were unanimous on this
1 ,What's going on? Congress asks PM Narendra Modi to speak on BJP mins using Army land - Daily News &amp; Analysis
0 ,Europe needs a Trump or Modi- just sayin
1 ,What does this guy think of himself? Does he think the majority who voted for the BJP
1 , UNESCO has declared Narendra Modi as the First Prime Minister in the world to sign on the cover of a file.
1 ,Congratulati
1 ,Look at this Cow Shed Agent. Bwahahahahahahaha! Abusing the dumb Modi means you are a part of some terrorist organi
1 , The need of the hour is to oust this Modi-led BJP govt on the basis of a policy alternative.
1 , Still some section of political leaders are against modi because they're not comfortable with his actions but major
1 ,Bjp winning for sure
1 ,The need of the hour is to oust this Modi-led BJP govt on the basis of a policy alternative.
1 ,God bless you bjp
0 ,Bhakts and their assumption is at its best.. I'm a hindu, My common sense tell me.. few BJP bhakts fl $NUMBER$D
1 , if doesn't suggest PC removal then we will assume that BJP is somewhat hand in gloves with t
1 ,Congress +122 /-
1 ,BJP +80/-
1 ,Congratulations to and all the congres
1 ,Why doesnt he dare to quit bjp?
1 ,What about your father shri balatkari narender modi sell red fort? What about Your Uncle
1 ,Forwarding Social Media Posts Equal To Endorsing It Madras HC Denies Anticipatory Bail To BJP Leader S Ve Shekher
1 ,Guy basically BJP trying gain votes thru you Karnataka Electi u
1 ,Nirav Modis within the top JK BJP Leadership, Dy CM, Speaker
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$
0 ,Moon in aries on the date of karnatak results, moon in pisces ob the date of poll indicate good luck for Shri Modi.
0 ,And we say BJP doesnt indulge in Appeasement politics....
1 ,BJP's Nationalism at its low.
0 , Cancelled Ola Cab booking today because driver's surname was Modi aur woh bhut der se cab bas gol gol ghuma rha tha.
1 ,Criticise Modi for promoting hatred by following vicious trolls on Twitter
1 , Yes he has raised very relevant points. Vikash is incumbent to all democratically elected govts be it Cong o
0 , because they dont want BJP anymore $NUMBER$
1 ,BJP is Congress with a tint of orange colour - Shri Govindacharya ji
1 ,Country not safe in BJP's hands like Sunanda was safe in your hands. Any idea whether it d
1 , AAPtards are openly supporting Congress now. Just like how they used to say, Modi is afraid of Kejriwal, now they are s
1 , Congis are eerts in worsening the enemity between two persons/community/nations.Cong was silent knowing Pak's dirt
1 , This is one thing on which I have lost hope from Modi. All crimes of past have been forgiven. Futi
0 , After years of congress rule if we still respect Subhash Chandra Bose Bhagat S
1 ,Take action. Modi &amp; Co have been speaking &amp; only speaking. They are too useless &amp; incompetent
1 , For all you guys who are questioning Modi G about his London trip, he has brought back Kohinoor.
1 ,Modi G ki jai!! https:
1 ,All that's pending is for BJP Voters to wake up from bigotry trance &amp; fib smokescreens.
1 , Army objects to BJP Leader &amp; Ex DY CM Nirmal Singh's illegal Nagrota construction as security threat. Further, he bought
0 ,Nobody raises anti national slogans, if anybody questions Bjp he will become anti national
1 ,BJP alone  CM Yeddyurappa
1 ,BJP-JDS.  CM Kumara Swamy
1 ,Cong-JD
0 ,Under the BJP rule there has not been any scam... So please don't go on repeating this cra
1 ,The deal is already stuck , if its + BJP it will have its CM, BSY will be sent t
1 ,Karnataka exit poll results Times Now-Chanakya predicts seats for BJP, seats for Cong via
1 ,Congress -
0 ,No hes not losing . But hes ready to stop BJP from forming the govt and r
1 , After protests over citizenship bill, Assam BJP says will wait for final list
1 ,Prime Minister Modi enforce your laws! Stop the barbaric torture of temple elephants in Kerala. Chains
1 ,Crackdown on shell companies Narendra Modi government, regulators now plan this
1 ,West Bengal Panchayat Election LIVE CPM Worker, Wife Killed After Set on Fire; BJP Candidates Beaten Up U
0 ,Bjp rule in India like boss before years Every Indian see bjp development
0 ,| Bulk of Exit Polls show tilt toward BJP as single largest party and market may not be su
1 ,BJP WILL GET to
1 , She knows very well that in BJP will not come in power, probably she is asking from future PM.
1 ,Yes shamelessly appointed an ex congi as well as ex BJP too. Remember he resigned a week prior to be made orez, wha d
0 , This is unacceptable, Modi govt must have colluded with the weather gods to interrupt the his holiness muflarlalls such auspi
1 ,Bjp made dalit d president of India...
1 ,Vote BJP
1 ,Karnataka elections saw Modi take political discourse to a new low via
1 ,Why not safe ? Coz ab Congress se scam nahi hote ??? Say Congress Not safe under BJP
1 , Nirav Modis US firms got Rs cr PNB remittances via
1 ,Doesn't the Congress have MPs in Parliament? Doesn't BJP have the largest mandate in recent times? Who is in pow
1 , India will remain steadfast partner of Nepal Narendra Modi
0 , Anniversary gift for Modi govt % people in online survey satisfied with its performance
1 , India isn't safe in the hands of Congress. How many terror attacks happened since Modi came to power? Even the jihadis who pla
1 ,BJP vocal on Cauvery after Karnataka polls
1 ,Soon TMC supremo will preach from Delhi how democracy is in threat under Modi
1 , Can BJP ministers talk about the Modi government achievements rather than bashing opposition leaders?. No
0 ,Anniversary gift for Modi govt % people in online survey satisfied with its performance
1 , Kashmir is about to be free Mr Modi. Run as far as you can d
1 ,You have to ee mideeds of BJP sarkar. Public ko pata chalna chahiye.
1 ,WB way of democracy by who used to give Gyan to PM and BJP on democracy and unity of
1 ,What do you think.. Hearning that bjp is lagging?
0 , Why this BJP govt is such a threat to federal principles that the unity of India is based upon. It is a travesty to hav
1 ,Karnataka assembly election exit poll per cent post-graduate voters pick BJP via
1 ,BJP WILL GET TO
1 , Nawaz's remarks on Mumbai attacks back Modi's stance Sherry Rehman  points well raised by
1 ,There is tension between, US on the one hand and Iran, Afghanistan and Pakistan. What's Modi doing? Hobnobbing with China. Shame.
0 ,BJP the worst party ever. Fooled people big time in . Aise hi richest party of India ni
0 , Modi govt providing energy justice to all Pradhan
1 ,Modi became chaukidhar and borrowed broom from Kejriwal to mop our PSU and entire financial institutions
1 , AAP supporters are campaigning for Congress
1 ,CPI/CPM supporters are campaigning for Congress
1 ,Ambika BJP beautiful
0 ,Why this BJP govt is such a threat to federal principles that the unity of India is based upon. It is a travesty to
1 , When NaMo stopped his Car, crowd started shouting "Har Har Modi, Ghar Ghar Modi"
1 , HONEST MOST BJP
1 ,TV CHANNEL SHOWING ASARAM with Modi, Advani, Bajpai,many other BJP leaders ONLY
0 ,Was cong in power at that time? What did RSS and Savarkar do to him released? And pls don't bring in
0 ,They never used bjp name in Bengal and South India bucz good people kick on bjp leaders ass
1 , For us, the guiding Mantra is India First but for Congress it is Family First.
1 ,Uncomfortable questions are always directed at BJP leaders. Congress and others are chided by a po
1 ,PIDDI gang left only in one state and deaming of wining BJP strongholds.
0 ,If Congress gets even one less to simple majority, BJP will form the govt by all means.
0 , PM Shri will address SC/ST/OBC and Slum Morcha Karyakartas of through 'Narendra Modi App' at
1 ,Best solution for all "modi-haters"
0 , How Congress is ahead of BJP in Bengaluru? Listen to Political Commentator RK Upadhayay
1 , Modi, Shah in touch with me, per cent confident of victory, says Yeddyurappa via
1 ,The saddest part is that he is still in BJP, the ppl India can't tolerate such traitor
0 , What your IT &amp; ED is doing? You have been in power for yrs and why Rahul shd answer for this? First stop thi
1 ,BJP WILL GET TO
1 , Soon TMC supremo will preach from Delhi how democracy is in threat under Modi
1 ,give some advice to modi ji stop following
1 ,Karnataka assembly election exit poll per cent post-graduate voters pick BJP via
1 ,Winning doesn't define anything you rd grade idiot. Then never complain about Modi/BJP because they
1 , I canceled Ola cab because driver name was Modi ji
1 ,I think he is modi
1 , Amount of money Bjp is spending on Modi's campaigns if they use this amount on Maharashtra's farmers.Theirs problems will
0 ,Modi ji was given absolute majority at center. Yet important ministries are being neglected tha
1 ,Sir ye news kya sach hai bjp ko village side me isse badnam Kia ja rha and all
1 ,Bjp leaders promised to deport all foreigners from Assam within a week if BJP comes to pow
1 ,After jan , luck will forcefully support Shri Modi, and bit rough patch and resistances of will come an en
1 ,West Bengal Panchayat Election LIVE CPM Worker, Wife Killed After Set on Fire; BJP Candidates BeatenUp d
1 ,Modi ji, kursi choro, you and your sanghi friends are a rot festering in India!
1 , Dhruv you are awsome..u successfully ee corrupt bjp leaders..but for ur information many leaders of
1 ,Isn't dis our responsibility to take dis to d masses..or will we wait for modi to do dis for us..?? Middle East, Af
1 , Karnataka assembly election exit poll per cent post-graduate voters pick BJP via
0 ,good move from BJP by removing the most dangerous community in the world from key roles in BJP. God bless
1 ,From that article "UNEDUCATED BACK CONGRESS, EDUCATED BACK BJP"
1 ,Lanka Dinakar Sensational Comments On BJP Party | Vamsi's Sunrise Show via
0 ,BJP will win around $NUMBER$ seats in Karnataka election and Congress will win around seats and others $NUMBER$s
1 ,Needs united opposition. Also the fact that most opposition parties except Congress and Lefts have partnered with B u
1 ,Ram, not nice . I am a Modi hater too but this Tweet is very bad . Hope you delete it man.
1 ,I dont think BJP has that sort of illusion ......otherwusecwhy PM would focus on pro
1 ,We are winning, wait till Tuesday, says BJP's Narendra Taneja via
0 ,But I thank Sonia Gandhi on mother's day for gifting us a national jester and a star campaigner for BJP
1 ,Nepal Cancer Hospital Thanks PM Modi for Gifting Teletherapy Machine $NUMBER$
1 , . lodges a complaint under section with Bhopal Police cyber cell against BJP spokesperson
1 , Karnataka assembly election exit poll per cent post-graduate voters pick BJP via
1 , This Modi bhakt BJPian is Mocking all those South Indian and Gujaratis and East Indian who r unable to speak Hindi de
1 , By the way why are still in BJP why not join congress, I am sure you are more happy
1 ,Chor congress now have nothing to say much. All these fake losses can count. Why not go to court as bjp h
1 ,Good morning mrs gandhi.. grt u woke up finally !! Where were all BJP brigade when this stoog
0 ,First asked to vote against BJP,
0 ,Dirty people dirty mind It is new Dirty BJP
0 , Within the four years of Modis Government, situation has worsen so much that Media houses are directly controlled by PM
1 ,Voting in rural areas was to the extent of %, means BJP is back with comfortable majority as all Govt
1 ,Keep Calm And Trust Modi
0 , BJP as a political party is making all religions equal they have not done anything to appease Muslims for vote ba
1 ,Modi and Amit Shah watching karnataka results.
1 , should check with Modi first whether Mukesh Ambani has permitted them only to ba
0 , if that wud hv been in govt u wud hv tagged Modi,why don't u hv guts to tag
1 ,Axis seems to have missed out the Reddy brothers impact there. BJP will do better than Cong in Raichur and Koppal
1 , Isn't dis our responsibility to take dis to d masses..or will we wait for modi to do dis for us..?? Middle East, Africa see
1 ,Modi is a plain simple idiot. By law he should be allowed to countries that are of zero strategic importance. He ca $NUMBER$
1 ,As per axis , INC BJP jd-s seats are sacrosanct....36 seats have battle btw % margin ( mostly INC versus
1 ,Andha Bhakthas of BJP. RSS are not even aware of
1 ,A corrupt, Murderous dynastic country within India is definitely not feeling safe in hands of Modi
0 ,Was cong in power at that time? What did RSS and Savarkar do to get him released? And pls don't brin
1 ,Respected Shri Narendra Modi ji, CM Yogi ji &amp; Deepak Misra ji, you are the last hope f
1 ,Here is Prestitutes led by poorie trying to do damage control.... they know BJP is winning... but, they have shown
0 , Wait and watch how low BJP will go in Elections. People are really so ignorant that they vo
1 ,Absolutely, and this was the jumla-baazi of Modi-Shah that you and me couldn't see through in . BJPs fight on c
0 ,Whatever he called last, now after MODI as PM &amp; BJP as party only the media is discussing BHAGATH
0 ,These people definitely don't feel safe under Modi as things are tightening up against corruption.
1 , ,Updated list. tagged below are seriously dangerous to the future of our state. Slaves of Modi a
0 , Muslims never forget babri mosque demolition or Gujarat riots.they blame bjp for it and never vote for bjp.
1 , Ha ha ha Modi never sold tea became PM
1 , LIVE  Statement by PM Modi at joint Press Meet with PM Oli of Nepal
1 ,Exactly, it was spring of lies &amp; horse trading that made bjp to manage gov i
1 ,happy mother's day modi ji
1 ,Now In just few Hour The BJP's IT Cell is Going to
1 ,When Modi Sir is the best option according to the majority of the Indians, who the hell is interested in your opinion?
1 , Pregnant Kin of BJP Candidate is By TMC Goons in .
1 ,main stream journalist are against to bjp and their voice is reaching far so everyone st
1 , Uncomfortable questions are always directed at BJP leaders. Congress and others are chided by a polite
1 ,After repeated goof-ups by Kerala BJP leaders, state party chief Kummanam says he will take action against leaders $NUMBER$
1 ,What's Happening BJP in KARNATKA- +
1 , When we abuse Muslims, we put muslims in BJP like in tight spot. Nope. No blind hatred. We are defending our reli
1 ,happy mother's day modi ji
0 ,Request the people of to utilize the to defeat the arrogant BJP goons,who r scaring
1 ,Nalayak Suvarke ahulad anti Modi
1 ,narendramodi "Sharing an animated video that will teach you the ropes of Shalabhasana. "
0 ,Oh please, stop pretending that you care, you look the other way when they kill BJP workers, one media can burnt an
1 ,You hate Modi that's OK, but how can you descend so low as to use this kind of language against his mother? No sense
1 ,Sharing an animated video that will teach you the ropes of Shalabhasana. $NUMBER$U narendramodi
0 ,TDP praying for BJPs loss in Kar. A good sign that South is done with BJP.
0 ,vote for Bjp
1 , Retweeted Narendra Modi ():
1 ,Ache din ache banne se ayeinge BJP ya Congress k U
1 ,against modi, they never accepted modi as a mass leader !!
1 ,Modi is using Nehru's words and ideas by twisting it to serve his political image...
0 ,Mr Bsy Bjp wins seats
1 ,Are he is not voting. He is telling you from data. And jeet rahe hai na. BJP
1 ,You mean indirectly siding with the RSS and BJP.
0 ,Good-luck Kanna. His elevation proved BJP is a party with NO difference.
1 ,I'll vote for bjp I'm safe
1 ,Why do you BJP guys whine some much when you are in power ?? Why cant you get your Vikas Purush PM act on these incidents ?
1 ,No he is a slave of BJP
0 ,There is Another Channel who too did two Polls. ND showed in both polls BJP is ahead
0 ,This is how muslims, anti-Hindus, Congress, liberals defame RSS....This is the reason why Hindus are
1 ,Entire BJPee camps in havoc
1 ,Is ANI lying here??? Are they bjp/cong/left cadres
0 ,Bjp doing great job?
1 ,What a consistent mouth shitter LMAO! Thanks for existing.. It's helping BJP..
0 , This is how muslims, anti-Hindus, Congress, liberals defame RSS....This is the reason why Hindus are co
1 ,High voter turnout means high anti-incumbency... Gut says BJP is gonna win big- like +
1 , Modi's mother deserves MORE RESPECT....... Since she doesn't get ANY FROM HIM, except when used as a prop.
1 ,This means all those followed by bjp leaders are members of IT cell team
1 , We are winning, wait till Tuesday, says BJP's Narendra Taneja via
1 ,Congress &amp; Darbaris can openly abuse Islamist/Danish Ali JDS, still they will go to crawling to queen &amp; pappu to de
0 ,He was consistent on issues that are important for AP and he questioned BJP when TDP and Y
1 , bjp hatavoo.. Engnerng relatd jobs bachavoo.
1 , Karnataka polls Will give in writing that BJP will win, says Yeddyurappa
1 , Youngest fan of modiji..
1 ,Boss, Narendra Modi has done greater service to humanity than Jesus Christ. Don't insult c
1 , High voter turnout means high anti-incumbency... Gut says BJP is gonna win big- like +
1 ,Nepal Cancer Hospital Thanks PM Modi for Gifting Teletherapy Machine
1 , bjp hatavoo. Engnerng relatd jobs bachavoo.
0 ,Critice say Modi isn't a GOOD Politician.
0 ,Public say Rahul don't even appeared to be a Politician.
1 ,Common man's terrible eeriences under BJP rule do
1 ,I think BJP will form Govt in Karnataka.
1 ,what's most important is the number of Rajya Sabha seats Karnataka BJP will contribute going forward ..
1 , Awaiting a massive crackdown on fraudsters nd corrupts in coming weeks..d noise against modi is gonna get louder..nd d lang
1 ,KP Sharma Oli thanks Narendra Modi for visit, says it will further strengthen Nepal-India relations $NUMBER$
1 ,All the crore workers of BJP are ready for the elections and we are assured of our victory :
0 ,No Sir, BJP is winning hands down. Let's wait and watch on May .
1 ,In PM Modi's visit, India gears up to counter China's growing presence in Nepal via
1 ,When he learned about Modi's state reception in Kathmandu, Bishodip Lamichhane, a graphic designer, launched hashta
1 , KP Sharma Oli thanks Narendra Modi for visit, says it will further strengthen Nepal-India relations
0 , Asia a promising region for media business PM Narendra Modi
1 ,That why Rahulji call BJP cheated the people.
1 , BJP wallahs call political opponents all sorts of names...political discourse in gutter level...a bjp neta who called mayawa
1 ,True, only Modi is future of india...
1 ,Very serious and utter failure of kerala BJP leaders. Something has be dine urgentl $NUMBER$
0 ,BJP with jds will not happen..it would be. Congress with jds minus siddu
1 ,Shatrughan Ji you are part of the family now. Please have self respect to leave the BJP.
1 ,Namaste DEAR HONORABLE PM MODI JI PLEASE CONCERN SPECIAL STATUS FOR SELFISHLY BYFERGATED AP
1 , There is tension between, US on the one hand and Iran, Afghanistan and Pakistan. What's Modi doing? Hobnobbing with China.
1 ,Siddaramiah has already cracked this BJP was caught napping when he
1 , So much for a self proclaiming "nationalist" BJP government.
1 ,Hon'ble PM- I am confident that BJP will be at the Centre for the next years.Prepare to deal with Bengal, nd Kashm
1 ,Jay ho pm modi
1 ,Sorry madam it is not wish that bjp should win why didn't bjp field a tamilian to cont
1 , Since Narendra Modi came to power, licenses of ,000 NGOs have been canceled because of violation in foreign funding no
0 ,the nation wants replies.... modi ji n the bjp party should answer the people of this country
1 ,It means the congressi are easily purchasable?
1 ,If u think bjp is getting benef
1 ,And India's pellet guns straight in eyes of young children/women? black cheque to RSS/Shiv Sena/BJP vigilantes to
1 , We have sacrificed Thousand people in Pakistan due to people like Modi and Nawaz Sharif said we are responsible for Mumbai
1 ,Is there any specialist in world who can open mind eyes of Indians those could not see patriot in Modi and traitors
0 , And, despite being a billionaire is yet to pay the fine. Brazen defiance of NGT enabled by his crony Modi govt
0 ,Govt likely to privatise major airports. Modi government to mull complete privatisationof Guwahati, Chennai, Kol
0 , years of Modi government Poll checks public mood - The Economic Times
1 ,Congress +/-
1 ,BJP +/-
1 ,A party like BJP is dancing with Janardhan Reddy and Jagan Reddy .
1 , Only RSS Members Rise in BJP
1 ,Every Election is Fixed, but still the oposition dont protest against EVM, next Kolkatta BJP win
1 , We were told 's campaign in Karnataka was divisive; poor was merely reacting. Fact Modi en
0 ,Modi government awards contract for ,86,138 bulletproof jackets. These jackets will protect soldiers from even
1 , After BJP Papad,Pakoda &amp; Pan Rojgar; Now of employment:A teacher son Piyush Parekh[MA,B.Ed,PTC,ITI(M
1 ,kay self goal kar rehi ho...BJP It cell se comment banake phir uspe goal kar rehi ho
1 ,Namaste DEAR HONORABLE PM MODI JI PLEASE CONCERN SPECIAL STATUS FOR SELFISHLY BYFERGATED AP
1 ,Congress is just a doll and the threads are in the hands of so called communos
0 ,why you waiting, arrest this type of people who use bad words for our Hn PM Modi Ji.
1 ,When there ianNo Vikas..Than there would Ram, Laxman and Hanuman..To support BJP.. u
1 , A detailed article on recent summit between President Xi &amp; PM Modi. Courtesy IMR.
0 ,The entire country is looking at Karnataka and Prime Minister Modi is panicked. But We have a deep faith in Karnata
1 , Flipkart,the best Indian startup was gobbled up by the American giant Walmart and Modi was a mute spectator.He has all
1 ,BJP got even less. % . What about the rest?
1 ,Flipkart,the best Indian startup was gobbled up by the American giant Walmart and Modi was a mute spectator.He has
1 ,BJP vocal on Cauvery after Karnataka polls
1 ,narendramodi "Sharing an animated video that will teach you the ropes of Shalabhasana. "
0 , Modi government will build new Advanced Landing Grounds (ALGs) along the border with China in Arunachal Pradesh. It is
1 ,But in UP didn't he claim BJP sweep? Atleast I reme
0 , How is the BJP funded? How did its reserves skyrocket since ? Why does this lack of transparency not count as corru
1 ,Centre and the majority of states are ruled by BJP, still you guys can
0 , Govt likely to privatise major airports. Modi government to mull complete privatisationof Guwahati, Chennai, Kolkata,
1 ,Income Tax lens on top buyers of Nirav Modi jewellery
1 ,BJP's decision to oppose the other parties' call for a unilateral ceasefire suggests that the Centre won't let go o
0 , Sir what about your party's promises for unemployment, corruption and national security, BJP failed,
0 , The Modi government has removed districts from the list of Naxalism-hit districts. The number of worst-affected distr
1 ,This picture shows the relationship between mamata and modi
1 , Today a person asked me to elain BJP's Ideology, principal &amp; moto in words. I told him it's PROTECT, SERVE &amp; HELP (I
1 , These r the fake citizens of India who dont have a simple responsibility of voting &amp; speaks against Modi &amp; want to save d
1 , Just imagine if BJP does this in BJP rules state. would go crazy. Par abhi Guptaji gayab hai.
1 , Nepal Cancer Hospital Thanks PM Modi for Gifting Teletherapy Machine
1 , Modi Ji giving "gyan" to BJP leaders and Bhakts to win election.
0 , PM Modi goes all out to win hearts, Nepal foreign minister says ties at new high
1 ,Congratulations Sandeep Modi. Soo Soo Happy
1 ,If you have evidence why not put him behind bars? Does BJP keep forgetting tha
1 ,Zeenews thanks for update. ITBP is elite force hope modi govt.must think bout pension and OROP for force personnel
1 , Madam is perennially ready to defend Modi and his friends and throw dirt at Congress leaders
0 ,Why not a single muslim country is secular. modi go
1 , As per axis , INC BJP jd-s seats are sacrosanct....36 seats have battle btw % margin ( mostly INC versus BJP)
1 , Modi when i see videos like these it gives me hell lot of hope and the patience t
1 , Congress Congress gave power to panchayats, BJP centralised it Sachin Pilot - The Economic Times
1 , BJP's decision to oppose the other parties' call for a unilateral ceasefire suggests that the Centre won't let go of its ir
0 , Congratulations to you and people of Da
1 ,Modi is elected pm .... u ambassador of hate modi brigade... r u believe in majority democratic gov'
1 ,Special thanks from Modi to PMLN SMT for their round the clock support against ever since hand $NUMBER$
1 , Karnataka elections saw Modi take political discourse to a new low
0 ,By the time Modi reads ur suggested books,
1 , Kerala BJP was circumspect about entering the State where RSS already had a formidable presence but Hindus were votin
1 ,Hon'ble PM- I am confident that BJP will be at the Centre for the next atleast years.Prepare to deal with Benga C
1 ,Long-Term Stagnation In Uttar Pradesh Is Modi's Biggest Challenge Ahead Of India's Elections U0
1 , Cong, BJP or hung in Karnataka is still debated. But all polls were unanimous on this
1 ,Why does Modis religious posturing sets your a** on fire so badly?
1 , Nitish Kumar Ji once famously said his deputy Sushil Modi suffers from a serious . He cant survive if he doe
1 ,crore Scam by Modi Govt by not giving lacs to crore Indians.
0 , The entire country is looking at Karnataka and Prime Minister Modi is panicked. But We have a deep faith in Karnataka, i
1 , And India's pellet guns straight in eyes of young children/women? black cheque to RSS/Shiv Sena/BJP vigilantes to molest no
1 ,Truth will get revealed if PM Modi gives an interview, so only written answers. No wonder why there is no press mee
1 ,Now a days we see in all the discussion Mr. PM is looking nervous. BJP. Has come in power by narrating lies and lie
1 ,ofcourse BJP in around.
1 ,remember one of ur employee posting abut modi and swine flu !!! dont remember any action by ur company ??? w
1 ,Melting Point of King Maker JDS is (seats). If BJP or Congress reaches this point on its own or other combinati dU
1 ,so, as per shakha logic, if someone uses foul language against modi, he is a terrorist..kyun be ponga pandit?
1 , If Tendulkar was playing cricket right now Modiji would come in every match where he's on , Take his bat to score that
1 ,Jihadis are roaming freely in Kashmir. FYI- Kashmir has Modi government. When would Hindus wake up? c8cu
1 ,PM Modis meetings with several leaders of Nepal
1 ,I think BJP should become leader for TN BJP. If not then should become TN l u
0 , BJP unable to find Rajasthan chief as no one wants to be a scapegoat Sachin Pilot u
1 ,KP Sharma Oli thanks Narendra Modi for visit, says it will further strengthen Nepal-India relations
0 , Why did Times Now replace PM Modis photo with Amit Shah after BJP was shown at disadvantage in exit poll prediction?
1 , When he learned about Modi's state reception in Kathmandu, Bishodip Lamichhane, a graphic designer, launched hashtag
1 ,BJPs dishonest discourse on secularism can be gauged by the fact that until recently it claimed genuine secularis
1 ,Modi was avatar of Lord Ram
1 ,Congress was Kaikeyi wh
1 ,Art of speaking lies..course by PM Modi..once u lie in sabha..communal message gone in public&amp;TV..along wth lie..Mo $NUMBER$
0 , Dear Mr. Modi, before making new promises to people, why don't you tell us what happened to your old ones?
1 , Andhra Pradesh Few know BJP had a stronger cadre presence in AP than in K'taka when it debuted in the latter in .
1 ,Karnataka election over and paisa increased. This will be same story from now on.. everyone who voted for BJP is
0 ,U mean modi didn't killed innocent people in roits??!!
1 ,Long-Term Stagnation In Uttar Pradesh Is Modi's Biggest Challenge Ahead Of India's Elections
1 , PM Modi attended pakistani PM's home, had Biryani without any protocol invitation.
1 ,India is losing Kashmir because of Modi. $NUMBER$
1 , Karnataka election over and paisa increased. This will be same story from now on.. everyone who voted for BJP is responsi
1 ,When he learned about Modi's state reception in Kathmandu, Bishodip Lamichhane, a graphic designer, launched hashta
0 ,years of Modi government Poll checks public mood - The Economic Times
1 ,We love modi bcoz he deserves to be loved..
0 , We eect Modi govt to look into crisis seriously &amp; resolve this at the earliest.
1 ,India's Disappearing Deficit What's Putting Modi In The Driver's Seat For
1 ,Only one BJP
1 , haryana is top rapist st in india bjp leaders r been caught in assam for holding isis flagship just
1 ,Exit Polls in Karnataka Give Edge to BJP but Indicate Hung Assembly
1 ,This daal I batta has a bright future in BJP, if he continues the same trend of anti
1 ,KANNA LAXMINARAYANA KAPU LEADER OF GUNTUR EX CONG APPOINTED AS AP-BJP PRESIDENT THEN WHAT HAPPEND TO SOMU VEERRAJU
1 ,haryana is top rapist st in india bjp leaders r been caught in assam for holding isis flagship j c
1 ,I am from Karnataka, people here supported and happy with congress work sir, BJP will win due to EVM. BJP win in Kolkatta wel
1 ,Your name should be voice of shit. Idiot, world analysts are praising Modi but u abuse Modi to the lowes
1 ,In Karnataka BJP in around.
0 ,years of Modi government Poll checks public mood - The Economic Times $NUMBER$
0 ,To their real home ie India. Modi'll welcome them
1 , Muneeza Hashmi deported from Delhi. Unbelievable! Modi now scared of a powerful Pakistani woman. All you Faiz lovers in
1 , RT narendramodi "Sharing an animated video that will teach you the ropes of Shalabhasana. https://
0 ,Since when did Narendra Modi stop being the face of BJP?
1 ,Common man need not worry about it, most of the customer of Nirav Modi are politicians, high ranking publ
1 , Hon'ble PM- I am confident that BJP will be at the Centre for the next years.Prepare to deal with Bengal, nd Kashmir in
1 ,Yeah BJP has so many states where it can siphon off funds.
1 , India ready to be 'Sherpa' to help Nepal scale mountain of success PM Modi
0 ,BJP Chief Amit Shah calls for a meeting with all State Presidents and General Secretaries in New Delhi today Reports
1 ,If this condition had been in any bjp ruled state then just imagine the outrage of Raju.
1 ,modi who?? i only know kook
1 , KP Sharma Oli thanks Narendra Modi for visit, says it will further strengthen Nepal-India relations
1 , Nepal Cancer Hospital Thanks PM Modi for Gifting Teletherapy Machine
1 , If complaint was from BJP then DP would have put all force and caught the culprit
0 ,TMC goons are dangerous than BJP bhatks. Mamtha needs a rest
0 , Modi scored brownie points about unethical Indian doctors in London. Doctors outraged against govt failures. Let health c
1 ,Of course, BJP should get hin arrested, torture him in tge name of investigation; well tha
0 ,Bjp will form government in karnataka. I wish to pm modi.
1 ,India's Modi uses cultural ties to mend ties with Nepal $NUMBER$
1 ,Yeah BJP is authoritarian and mamta is charismatic...only goons from TMC beat you up
1 ,They have killed democracy in West Bengal. Worst state. But no one raises voice.. why? Because not Modi. Best thing $NUMBER$u
1 ,Congratulations!!!!!!! That's a big one!!!
1 ,I have also started doing yoga, trust me it works like magic . Modi ji motivated me $NUMBER$
1 ,Shud ask Yellows, shudnt bjp build cadre in Andhra?
1 ,BJP is destroying democracy.
0 ,BJP is the reason of every unsettlement in India now a days.
1 ,Narendra Modi visit successful, says Nepals PM Oli via
1 ,India Insight Narendra Modi has lost the boardroom - Nasdaq
0 , BJP will win around $NUMBER$ seats in Karnataka election and Congress will win around seats and others $NUMBER$seats
1 ,I prayed to god to win bjp in Karnataka and you
1 ,Problem lies on the fact that BJP is NOT a Politic
0 ,Modi government not taking fastest action. They are waiting for next general election .
0 ,BJP government is dedicated to the unity, upliftment and development of the entire n
1 ,Because she hates modi.
0 ,in last year in office BJP won't dare to touch SG or RG to make them martyrs, leave punishing
0 ,If BJP comes to power, they have to devise a decentralised model of party system for Karnataka (and elsewhere too),
1 ,from RSS/BJP/Modi does not mean Azadi from India. The students of India believe in val
1 , Dear , this guy is openly claiming to have manipulated the EVMs in favor of BJP.
1 , Satta bazaar which till a week back was offering even money for BJP getting seats (and nd position) has now turned in
1 ,Islamic attackers are supported by Modi.
1 ,BJP is using deteregent to wash
1 ,Tbh, Indian comedy has gone boring. Delhi Bashing, Modi Bashing, North Indian Bashing - they were to fall out of vo
0 ,BJP wins  Modi effect
1 ,BJP loses  State leadership is the root cause.
0 ,Congress wins  Caste politics p
1 , India's Disappearing Deficit What's Putting Modi In The Driver's Seat For
0 ,If Modi and bsy cant win Karnataka no one can
1 , reasons for winning /3 seats uncontested (1) Weak, &amp; in some cases non- existent, organisational structure of the BJP
1 ,Very much possible....He won't support Cong ...But may... BJP...after all is ruling almost whole of India!!
1 ,I had said the same the day it happened.UP govt and BJP should find out the moles in BHU Proctor office and Varanas
1 ,Now make a big issue of this and go against BJP...
1 ,Responsible for modi
1 ,Can't eect any better execution strategy from the half-knowledge self-glorification marketeers Yogi-Modi.
1 ,Yess, I remember Note Bandi, GST, Violence innocent child.. We can't forget BJP his anti na
1 ,ha..ha when he will give Press Conference? Darr kisska Modiko?
0 ,The Modi government's playbook relies on making data comparisons across time impossible so that its performance can
1 ,Obc will slowly move to bjp
1 ,KP Sharma Oli thanks Narendra Modi for visit, says it will further strengthen Nepal-India relations
1 ,India not Safe Under BJP Government, SaysTharoor
1 ,Country is not safe in the hands of the present BJP government. - U
1 ,May your tribe increase on those who vent their anger on the PM so they can paint the larger canvas of BJP.
1 , India ready to be 'Sherpa' to help Nepal scale mountain of success PM Modi
1 ,Of course, BJP should get hin arrested, torture him in the name of investigation; nobody c
1 ,No no modi went thier to show his red eyes
1 ,Nirav Modis assets worth crore have been seized out of a loss of .
1 ,You're free to context except bjp.
0 , Since when did Narendra Modi stop being the face of BJP?
0 , TMC goons are dangerous than BJP bhatks. Mamtha needs a rest
1 ,Discontent over GST helped fell Malaysias ruling party. Should Modi worry? $NUMBER$
0 , BJP Chief Amit Shah calls for a meeting with all State Presidents and General Secretaries in New Delhi today Reports
1 ,Next PM after Modi ji should be Sushma ma'am
0 , 'Today, the exit poll shows the real nature of Congress party', says BJP $NUMBER$
0 ,Oh boy, country not safe under BJP!!! Let me tell you Mr. Tharoor, country is not
1 ,If it was Modi then it would'
1 ,Karnataka elections saw Modi take political discourse to a new low via
1 ,BJP a.k.a Black Sweet
1 ,Does BJP still have an advantage in Karnataka?
0 ,. kicks off her new series of longer "India Insight" columns by looking at how Modi fell out of favour with $NUMBER$
1 ,Such a sick mind and he is followed by PM Modi...
1 ,Go ask modi's mother what has he done for her
1 ,Looks like there is a storm coming up in BJP AP unit, upset that leaders from AP BJP-RSS background have been compl
1 ,BJP are Targeting Congress Person, Modi promised to bringing black money from Swiss bank, W
1 ,Savi state sarkaro ke CM v to BJP ke hi hai. Fir?
1 ,BJP ki FATATI kyu he ?
1 ,CBI/IB/DRI/EB/IT all under BJP, but can't arrest c
1 , Does BJP still have an advantage in Karnataka?:
1 ,PM Modi didn't meet Doug McMillon, CEO of Walmart. Well, a Prime Minister is not alw
0 ,BJP-led govt in Goa will complete its tenure, says party president Amit Shah via
1 , Looks like there is a storm coming up in BJP AP unit, upset that leaders from AP BJP-RSS background have been completely i
1 ,Of course, BJP should get him arrested, torture him in the name of investigation; nobody c d
1 , never ever trust modi again
1 , RT narendramodi "Sharing an animated video that will teach you the ropes of Shalabhasana. https://t.
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA The Indian E
1 ,trains are always late under bjp rule
1 ,Nope. Better Modi resigns for this.
1 , Google lists PM Modi in top criminals, gets court notice - Times of India via
1 , BJP is using deteregent to wash
1 , BJPs dishonest discourse on secularism can be gauged by the fact that until recently it claimed genuine secularism for
1 , Hon'ble PM- I am confident that BJP will be at the Centre for the next atleast years.Prepare to deal with Bengal, nd
1 ,This shows mam how biased u are towards rahul pappu and khangress
1 ,Long-Term Stagnation In Uttar Pradesh Is Modi's Biggest Challenge Ahead Of India's Elections
1 , Country is not safe in the hands of the present BJP government. - U
0 ,Hindu rashtra announcing is own people not a say this modi..
1 ,May be BJP iIT Cell unit will find out the way out of this nonsense....
1 ,YES, RAHUL GHANDHI CAN BECOME PM ; THAT IS , POSTMAN . HE IS MISTAKEN THE ABBREVIATION FOR PRIME MINISTER . HE IS $NUMBER$
0 ,Rahul Gandhi himself out on bail, why Chidambaram hid details of his assets, asks BJP..
1 , RSS sources in Delhi claim BJP will be stuck in the $NUMBER$ mark in . Exit poll estimates of hung house being used
1 ,KP Sharma Oli thanks Narendra Modi for visit, says it will further strengthen Nepal-India relations
0 ,years of Modi govt Survey says popularity down but per cent satisfied, communalism major concern..
1 ,bjp will boast lo $NUMBER$
1 ,Problem lies on the fact that BJP is NOT a Political Party
0 , I will cast my vote in to Only Narendra Modi:
0 ,No one can ever do this in bjp for nxt yrs ! And credit snatchers are many
0 ,Mamata bibi has unleashed jihadis in Bengal ...liberal media has been sleeping because its not Bjps Bengal yet !!!!
1 , PM Narendra Modi emplanes for Delhi after his -day visit to Nepal
1 ,I dont agree the statement that Bjp lacking support, times now, Republic two popular
1 , Super slap on the pidis . When BJP comes to power in karnataka please see to it that t
1 ,Can you elain why all bjp netas involved in rape of minor children
0 ,If BJP loses Karnataka polls it doesn't mean that Modi cannot win elections, says ET N
1 ,Uproot anti-national forces from the soil of West Bengal by voting for Narendra Modi's BJP.
1 ,Super slap on the pidis . When BJP comes to power in karnataka please see to it tha
1 ,Long-Term Stagnation In Uttar Pradesh Is Modi's Biggest Challenge Ahead Of India's Elections
0 ,'Within a year of this purchase, when the BJP formed a coalition government with Peoples Democratic Part
1 ,Long-Term Stagnation In Uttar Pradesh Is Modi's Biggest Challenge Ahead Of India's Elections $NUMBER$
0 ,years of Modi govt Survey says popularity down but per cent satisfied, communalism major concern ..
0 ,BJP are desperate to get into Karnataka so that as usual, they can take all the credit for the meal schemes, milk
1 ,bjp will boast low in
1 ,To set a "correct" example for all BJP followers Sh NaMo &amp; Sh Amit Shah must cognisance of the case put Nirmal Sin
0 ,India needs alternative for both BJP and Inc ...we are sick of these fakets
1 ,Watching Game of Thrones... and feel no change whether kingdoms are ruled by Lannisters (Congress) or by Baratheo
0 ,I cannot agree more with your last statement! For the sake of the country Modi &amp; his Looni
1 , sir add BJP to that.. and there will be no lehar... only Pepsi.. interesting no??
1 ,She knows if her boss investigates it will be like Mallya,Nirav Modi and Mehul bhai , so asking some she has confidence..good job..
0 ,Common, You SHOULD give some credit to If he hasn't come up with KJP and spoiling BJP image in
0 ,Ji Love u .. crores of BJP family waiting for ur come back with good health. We missing u lot sir ..
1 ,Well, Firstly I am not Modi ji chamcha. As a citizen of this co
1 , No action on vapam cases, Lait Modi, J Reddy cases. cases against JAGAN Reddy didn't progress since BJP came to power.
1 ,KP Sharma Oli thanks Narendra Modi for visit, says it will further strengthen Nepal-India relations
1 ,This is an attempt to punish southern states for their high achievements and for not giving in to BJP ever. Shame
1 ,Modi's bhakology has fade away your manners, Gau mutra has shrinken your thinking capa
0 ,An in-depth analysis of people's take on Modi govt
0 ,The BJP govt at the centre has given these Hindutvavadis the impunity to indulge in bigotry.Come they will all
0 ,'Within a year of this purchase, when the BJP formed a coalition government with Peoples Democratic Part $NUMBER$
1 ,What...bjp....U r just like an old elephant who have nothing to show than their outerskin...kb tk ullu bnaoge ..
1 ,Gauravji if only BJP stops
1 ,Modi govt. popularity drops down to percent Survey -
0 ,Congress and BJP" both parties are ruling since long time. But any party can't bring atmos
1 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank,
1 , In second cut of , BJP increases its seat tally.
1 ,BJP $NUMBER$
1 ,Congress $NUMBER$
0 ,Modi's power brings in laws according to his likes n dislikes.whom he likes no one knows. .At same time
1 , Karnataka elections saw Modi take political discourse to a new low via
1 , You have always been supportive of TDP, but you were not happy that we allied with BJP. We have been working for welfare of Muslim
0 , An in-depth analysis of people's take on Modi govt
1 ,ofcourse BJP in around.
1 ,Bought jewellery from Nirav Modi stores using cash? You may be under I-T lens
1 ,So far neither ex-bjp president Haribabu, none of the senior BJP leaders in AP have congratulated Kanna for being n $NUMBER$
1 , Narendra Modi Prime Minister  Indias Temple Elephants Desperately in Need of Help - Sign the Petition!
1 ,She is planted by BJP and Republic
1 ,BJP will not do anything to Sonia, Rahul and Vadra. BJP is afraid that these guys would be ma $NUMBER$
1 ,Many journalists are indirectly supporting Bjp, Agnihotri, one Arnab is enough.
1 , Just In  Rahul Gandhi will depart Tonight for an day trip to Thailand and Italy after the declaration of .
1 , Welcome by Janakpuri West Mandal BJP on $NUMBER$ at Shiv Nagar.
0 ,Well uses Rahul Gandhis name in hashtags and links to drag people to their channel so that
1 ,Respect your views , but can you ask your BJP friends abo $NUMBER$
0 ,People of this country are not as dumb as BJP
1 ,Narendra Modi Prime Minister  Indias Temple Elephants Desperately in Need of Help - Sign the Petition!
1 , BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank,
0 ,is a divisive figure not only in India but in too. While the Modi govt is making all-out efforts to a
0 ,High time that PDP BJP coalition government is nulled &amp; J &amp; K split into &amp; Kashmir valley brought under President
1 , nation is not safe in hand of BJP
1 , It was TDP and not YSRCP who responded on . I told BJP leadership that criminalization of triple talaq was not cor
0 ,years of Modi government Poll checks public mood via
1 ,'48 Months vs Years' Modi Govt to Celebrate th Anniversary With Eye on Other topics likely to discussed i D
0 ,If BJP does not win *comfortably*
1 ,"BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA"
1 ,West Bengal Panchayat Election  CPM Worker, Wife Killed After Set on Fire; BJP Candidates Beaten Up
1 ,Im the Dim, Modi has not built an empire on stolen wealth
0 , is a divisive figure not only in India but in too. While the Modi govt is making all-out efforts to amuse Mo
1 ,it is more for bjp rather for anyone else.
0 ,Pea brained NCBN thinks that opposing Hindus is opposing BJP. Now NCBN is pro Muslim u9
1 ,Even if gets d ticket, he will loose very badly..dat seat is bjp seat for decade..even a
1 , What is the outcome of "Modi Govt" investigation into Some big names were revealed by Indian Eress??
1 ,Modi is in Nepal, but Nepalis are unhappy with the visit.
1 , This is ALL the BJP can do !!!
1 ,Do modi voters EAT SHIT to be this Stupid ???
0 ,This time ,Bjp ko blame nhi kia ....
1 ,This is ALL the BJP can do !!!
1 ,Should it be - How Modiji is guiding the world.
1 ,Shatru has become Mad now for his seat,All BJP are ......................,have he ever though
1 ,these tv channels are like propagating modi and ndtv ,cnn are like creating some unwante
1 ,Who said "na khaoonga na khaane doonga?" !! Look, look, they are feasting, not just eating, Mr Modi! Ha ha ha every C
1 ,Nawazs remarks back Modis stanceherry
1 , chidambaram thaan partner what bjp is doing? Why i
1 ,pls clarify if the legal hounding of ISRO Nambi Narayan in fake espionage case is litmus test for Modi $NUMBER$
1 ,Lack of eert is a problem across the board. Modis hard and right intentions are less useful unless he fixes this ud
1 , Well those are nationalist abusers like this roach ,gets promoted and revered in BJP. N
0 ,The survey conducted among BJP party members. Survey shows in the party itself many are not happy.
1 , This is way he was not made finance minister by bjp. He knew the pain of the middle class which others ignored.
0 , Mamata bibi has unleashed jihadis in Bengal ...liberal media has been sleeping because its not Bjps Bengal yet !!!! https://
0 , If Bjp looses the election, entire credit goes to Modi, Yeddy &amp; Reddy brothers People of Karnataka.
1 , Modi's fall is eminent, will fall quick &amp; hard. Soon blind &amp; ill-educated bhakts will realise Modi's lies and hatred t
0 , When Riots happened in Gujarat ... Every News channel Every agency did investigation..they tried to frame Modi .........R
0 , Why don't election commission take a notice of this, is he also became Modi's parrot
1 ,people voted modi in because they were fed up with corruption &amp; as well as the worst law &amp; order in congress government.
0 ,Why don't election commission take a notice of this, is he also became Modi's parrot
0 ,Why long-term stagnation in Uttar Pradesh is Modi's biggest challenge ahead of India's elections
1 , When was speaking anchor &amp; BJP spokesperson felt like hiding under the table running for cover. They
1 , That's why Modi does not give a damn about middle class.
1 ,Rahul Gandhi Pre
1 , Reporter Modiji, what is the single most important advice you would like to give to young BJP folks who aspire to be succes
0 , The Modi government's playbook relies on making data comparisons across time impossible so that its performance cannot
1 ,My heartiest congratulations
0 ,Stop this BJP propaganda. Amaravati, the new capital, will have a Venkateswara temple. d
1 , He will not comment on it, for him, being "anti-BJP" is "politics" and being "pro-BJP" is "patrioti
1 , Keep Calm And Trust Modi
1 ,Former BJP Corporator Vedavyas Bhat Attacked by Men In VV Puram via
1 ,BJP's one of the point in manifesto was to end corruption. Why BJP is asking someone who is not in t
0 ,BJP will form the next govt even if it gets seats. wait and watch.
0 ,'Hardliner' Ravinder Raina is the new Jammu and Kashmir BJP chief via
1 ,BJP deliberately leaking some small fish names of black money hoarders while allowing big s
1 ,Beautifully illustrated Modi ji. Seems excellent to keep lower back problems at bay. Please als
0 , Shocking. Nirmal Singh, senior BJP leader of J&amp;K, accuses the army of being "politically motivated.
1 ,Bjp ruled state nahi hai na...
0 , We want visionary politics of Congress Rather than Divisionary politics of BJP.
0 ,Mr. pm modi do somthing on ground for noida home buyers in centurian park from amrapali and others
1 , It will not be a surprise to see the BJP romp home easily with + seats.
1 ,To all those friends who didn't trust us when we said this and voted for BJP, please get y
1 , PMBJP aims to make quality medicines affordable for all. Visit any of our Jan Aushadhi Kendras in around districts,
1 ,No signals from market on tomorrows karnataka result..seems no one sure..a big gain wud hav indicated bjp and a bi
1 ,One more example of ur sheer frustration n disliking for Modi. U calling me Bhakt
1 , CPM seeks alliance with BJP in Bengal. Brother of Gauri Lankesh campaigns for BJP in Karnataka &amp; Owaisi sporting saffro
1 ,Former BJP Corporator Vedavyas Bhat Attacked by Men In VV Puram
1 ,cpi n bjp is cadre based party. It can't be weak at root level. Wha
1 ,So lets hope for the best and pray that BJP loses big time next year. Or else for folks like me its fligh
0 ,Pls understand the simple logic in TN. BJP whatever says/does is wrong even it is good and their opponen
1 ,KP Sharma Oli thanks Narendra Modi for visit, says it will further strengthen Nepal-India relations
1 ,Election over &amp; fuel price raised. Wah Modiji Wah!
1 ,BC band kar ye randirona, Modi is PM not a mayor of State-
0 ,whats the scene finally ? Is TMC letting BJP candidates contest ? and will they stop "doubtful o
1 , Really inspiring! Coolie clears civil services written test, and Modis Digital India played a big role in his dream success
0 , Pea brained NCBN thinks that opposing Hindus is opposing BJP. Now NCBN is pro Muslim and Jag
1 ,BJP workers deserve such treatment... hope u r nt
1 ,if its BJP victory tommorow, sensex might touch K
1 ,Exit polls are giving edge to BJP. And your channel is showing edge to Congress !!! Wake up.
1 ,Bengal is tiger they not scare bjp gondas
1 ,Modigau mutra
0 ,BJP is in power in states and he is the only education minister given "saffron" tag by m
1 ,BJPCONGRESS
1 ,ofcourse BJP in around.
1 ,The youth of icon honble Mr neeraj Singh ji bjp leader pramotion documentary film beti bachao beti p $NUMBER$
0 , Former BJP Corporator Vedavyas Bhat attacked by men in VV Puram today morning at am. Ved
1 ,Panchayat Polls Violence breaks out, BJP, TMC accuse each other
1 , Modi has been the biggest disappointment, all hype no support to common man , begging vote in name of common man https://t
1 , Lack of eert is a problem across the board. Modis hard and right intentions are less useful unless he fixes this. Bu
1 ,Nepal Cancer Hospital Thanks PM Modi for Gifting Teletherapy Machine
0 ,ye dhamke .... aap BJP ke taraf se de rahe ha ys Samaj Vade party ke taraf se
1 , Discontent over GST helped fell Malaysias ruling party. Should Modi worry? $NUMBER$
1 ,Modi should resign for this storm
1 ,You forgot to tag modi
1 ,It's My friend Modi Style
0 ,Thank you pm Narendra Modi for giving the new chance to study in the medical college $NUMBER$
1 ,Please some comments on where CPIM &amp; BJP is fighting in alliance against . Wh
0 ,BJP has an edge but Congress chances of crossing high? Cut the various jargon and tell us whats ur final take
1 ,throw out the BJP and the entire political space.
1 ,Even being in power, bjp is not doing anything to such scoundrels... It pains me
0 ,A valid point  BJP must know that social media is not a substitute for politics or governance. Cong MP for Thiruva
0 ,asking if people picked cash or kaam in their ad for election results tomorrow. Well in my area both BJP
0 ,BJP has tons of such leaders who are in BJP to promote own interests and have no interest in public good
1 ,TV par modi dikha to change...
1 ,Unless the corrupt in Congress are brought to books by Dec this year,BJP may take it,that it will be major issue in .This is warning.
1 ,Modi Govt. is bringing an Ordinance to include SC/ST Act in Ninth Schedule of Constitution n later bring a bill in C
1 ,Omar Abdullah seeks probe into Armys concerns over BJP leader's land row
1 ,I love you. You have given these bjp motherfuckers taste of their own medicine. How can these motherfuck c
1 , Former BJP Corporator Vedavyas Bhat Attacked by Men In VV Puram
1 ,Just like Modi, who stops working during Elections.
0 ,Dear Mr. Modi Sir, before making new promises to people, why don't you tel
0 ,So, what is stopping Modi to dismantle all vestiges of socialism? He has had his tenure and things are same as ever.
1 ,Long-Term Stagnation In Uttar Pradesh Is Modi's Biggest Challenge Ahead Of India's Elections $NUMBER$
0 ,Congress and BJP" both parties are ruling since long time. But any party can't bring atmosphe
1 , Hey guys, check out my breakdown of The Quint's "Fact Check" of PM Modi's campaign speech. Thanks for the shar
0 ,MSM still don't understand why PM Modi is Loved &amp; respected by indians...
1 ,It is not BJP rather Nehru and dynasty who turned fortunes of Country around. Pakistan would no
1 ,Modi gave us nothing but a collapsed economy, increased unemployment rate , increased farmer suicide rate ,false p
0 ,These days its best to live in a BJP ruled state cause even if a pebble is thrown, the media would poun
1 ,I am heartily thankful to our hounarable PM Narendra Modi ji to boost health and medical education in daman diu and
1 ,PM Modi addresses civic reception at Kathmandu, Nepal
1 ,Modi ji kindly meet msmes associations of all states feedback and see realty of msmes units problem i
0 ,Strange enough that in Unao rape by a bjp MLA and on the rape of an year old in Katua this "women" minister had n
0 ,Every time the BJP wins an election, the zealots at large become even more aggressive on the ground and the RSS mor
0 ,If congress loses Karnataka it is a nail in the coffin for congress. bjp's congress mukt bharat will b
0 ,  Former BJP Corporator Vedavyas Bhat attacked by men in VV Puram today morning at am. Vedavyas r
1 ,In Modi regime
1 ,Whatever it's sir BJP loss in Karnataka
0 , Amit Shah the BJP national president promised to solve the Mining chaos by getting relief through the courts.
1 ,Nepal is at the forefront of Indias Neighbourhood First policy PM Modi in Janakpur
0 ,Day before Karnataka's fate is known, BJP top brass to brainstorm on UP today - an imminent Cabinet reshuffle in UP
0 ,If congress loses Karnataka it is a nail in the coffin for congress. bjp's congress mukt bharat wil
1 ,Besides RBI/BANKS , I appeal to the fraudulent Neerv Modi / Mahul Chouksi / vijay Mallaya / now ex minister_____ t
1 , Big shock to all BJP supporters.
1 ,speculations holds no water and this can be seen as another gimmick by BJP to influence Rajasthan and MP voters wel
1 ,PM Modi meets former Nepalese PM Sher Bahadur Deuba
1 ,. Dalits have lot of resentment for BJP which may effect the core carder of BSP
1 ,It is impossible for BJP to get JDS+BSP to their camp some news agencies are speculating that if they go with BJP t C
1 ,Hyderabad Karnataka bjp ll win $NUMBER$
1 ,Problem is Modi doesnt work after elections also
1 , I am yet to achieve something in life and have taken some pathetic decisions so far; but amongst all, voting for BJP was
1 ,Cauvery water sharing issue Tamil Nadu counsel makes veiled attack on PMNarendra Modi in Supreme Court
1 ,narendramodi "Sharing an animated video that will teach you the ropes of Shalabhasana. $NUMBER$"
1 ,Warning to the voters. Please dont get influenced by fake BJP propaganda $NUMBER$
1 , Crackdown on shell companies Narendra Modi government, regulators now plan this move - The Financial Eress
1 ,PM Modis meetings with several leaders of Nepal
1 , Modi had hired crowd from Bihar to get a decent gathering in Nepal's Janakpur today. u
1 ,A frustrated man, ex son-in-law of the government, who reached no where in life. Modi is actually a bread winner fo
1 ,You oppose BJP OK. BJP antinational, this has been severally proved. Even in the case of Nuclear Tes
1 ,He will find a job with BJP IT cell. loves such people
1 ,I am heartily thankful to our hounarable PM Narendra Modi ji to boost health and medical education in
1 ,I am heartily thankful to our hounarable PM Narendra Modi ji to boost health and medical education in daman diu and $NUMBER$
1 ,There has been allegations on me of being Modi ji chamcha. If raising issues of Bengaluru is Modi ji chamcha,then I
0 ,What abt other Panama scamsters whom Bjp has been shielding from years ?
1 ,It's a standard practice of MODIPARIVAR to LIE. IT IS A PRECONDITION TO BE A CABINET MINISTER IN MODI SARKAR
1 , Modi is a Liar and shamless PM
1 ,Thanks modi
1 ,Thanks pm modi medical college
1 ,Yes, murderer tharoor now murdering is not safe. This is Modi governmen
1 ,narendramodi Sharing an animated video that will teach you the ropes of Shalabhasana.
0 ,If you want to be in limelight for a month abuse MODI
1 , This is wat Modi has brought out in ppl.. He Hs encouraged Indians to fight &amp; hate Indians ...
0 ,Bv rudra....Bjp is not good...All haryanvi rajasthani maharastra gave govt to bjp......All will fee
0 ,this is the brown trump. india better wake up if it wants a bright future. bjp is KKK of india.
1 ,I am heartly thankful to PM shri Narendra Modi ji for approval of medical college in daman diu and DNH which is the U
0 , thinks that what ever he does will be accepted just because BJP dint
1 , Hate-monger and a supporter of RSS/BJP loses job after he rejoices killing, maiming and raping of Kashmir
1 ,Sir he is a serial abuser and retard...file an FIR.. already one by a UP BJP leader in Lucknow.Drag him to court.
1 ,Modi ji humara kya kasoor...
1 ,Modi ji, send some gifts to this lovely kid!
1 ,None can match the sweetness with which he repeats 'Modi
1 ,This is why we need constant elections. To keep people like Modi in check. Simultaneous elections is a farce.
1 ,Now BJP/RSS got the chance to taste the poison and hatred they spread in other states
1 ,Looking at big picture BJP did a remarkable job of correcting the course of Hindustan going downhill (SCAMgress cu
0 ,Gopi i m not getting good feeling for BJP...
1 , Just days of campaigning! PM Modi toppled the entire scenario of Karnataka elections,Check how? U0
1 ,And you follow who abused BJP Karyakartas with vulgarity yesterday.
1 , BJP is destroying democracy.
1 ,Looking at big picture BJP did a remarkable job of correcting the course of Hindustan going downhill (SCAMgress cu
1 ,I am heartily thankful to our hounarable PM Narendra Modi ji to boost health and medical education in daman diu and
0 ,No way. We are idiots. BJP will not get water for people of tamilnadu
1 ,Your tweet about Modi's mom is in bad taste. In fact, horrible taste.
1 ,Our little Star Campaigner Aadhya from Mangalore thanking all BJP Voters for casting their Valuable Vote.
1 ,EC rubbishes Congress' allegation of EVM registering only BJP Votes via
1 ,Today early morning at $NUMBER$am bjp karykartha was attacked by goons when he was doing his duty of distributing newsp
0 , you shame on Modi why not you shame on you it would be more appropriate to shame on yourself for your nonsense
0 ,BJP bakthas always want to keep the oscillation between the religions.. No matter what they had done in temple..
1 ,I would rather prefer ur mom instead of Modi's ,targetting bjp individuals to spread hatredness
1 ,Now BJP/RSS got the chance to taste the poison and hatred they spread in other states
1 ,Blame it on BJP again.
1 ,Bhaktapur Cancer Hospital in Kathmandu thanks PM Modi for gifting a radioactive Teletherapy Machine
1 ,BJP will be
1 , So far neither ex-bjp president Haribabu, none of the senior BJP leaders in AP have congratulated Kanna for being nominate
1 ,Is Ghost or Godse holding PM Modis mothers hand? Minister faces condemnation for badly photoshopped image
1 ,I am heartily thankful to our hounarable PM Narendra Modi ji to boost health and medical education in daman diu and U
1 ,Its true if BJP in power Cong (Mani) will conspire with Pakistan against India, even after pak
1 ,Before we talk , police , cbi,acb, all belong to modi, ask him!
1 ,If modi became billinour then why not Sonia Gandhi whose family background you don't know
1 ,PM Modi's Nepal visit historic and successful Nepals Foreign Minister P K Gyawali via
0 ,years of Modi govt Survey says popularity down but per cent satisfied, communalism major concern
1 ,Modi govt. popularity drops down to percent Survey
1 , Modi does not listen to them, and they are now eecting Rahul ...
1 ,as we all know Rahul is only Ho
1 ,India will stand shoulder-to-shoulder to help Nepal in its development journey PM Modi via
1 ,This is what Mamta didi has done to Bengal and still everyone is behind BJP and no one gives a shi
1 ,Hi , here's a 'proud to be followed by Narendra Modi' variety loon....
1 ,He is a loser people like him filled with hate end up commuting suicides because they hate modi so bad
1 ,I am heartly thankful to PM shri Narendra Modi ji for approval of medical college in daman diu and DNH which is the
1 ,You mean , democracy within BJP is because of Congress ?
1 ,And dynasty system within Congr
1 ,The BJP campaign subdued, communists has feelings.
0 ,say again modi is a dictator mama didi is my friend
0 ,Outright win for BJP, Congress may shrink to seats, predicts Times Now Chanakya exit poll
1 ,. BJP is winning majority comfortably on its own.
1 ,Modi is the weakest PM of independent India.
1 , This is as communal a campaign can get. This is Modi &amp; Shah's BJP for you. This is a leading Sangh Parivar activist tweet
1 ,targets Chidambaram over 'undeclared' assets; Congress hits back
1 , I am heartily thankful to our hounarable PM Narendra Modi ji to boost health and medical education in daman diu and DN
0 ,Bookies eect the BJP to win $NUMBER$ seats in the while the Congress may get $NUMBER$ seats. In market
1 ,In my every message i just spoken about against RSS/BJP but u always supported them have u ever th
1 ,What is the outcome of" Modi Govt" investigation into some big names were revealed by Indian Er
1 , It is impossible for BJP to get JDS+BSP to their camp some news agencies are speculating that if they go with BJP then equat
0 ,My Heart Says Cong and Mind says BJP for Karnataka ! Most of the time my heart has won the predictions ...lets see tomorrow
1 ,The highest voters turnout since in Karnataka assembly election means BJP is winning the election by thumping majority !!
1 ,very true sir first I think Mr. Tharoor think about Congress regime after that u will never speak such think about BJP.
1 ,There is high chance of axis poll getting wrong in Karnataka..in Hyderabad Karnataka they give congress BJP
0 , Day before Karnataka's fate is known, BJP top brass to brainstorm on UP today - an imminent Cabinet reshuffle in UP, c
0 ,Dear you r BJP defence Minister or country defence minister? All investigation agencies r working unde c
1 ,.This will never become headline or talking point in Indian MSM, till is in power. Moment BJP forms a Go
0 ,A majority % people in an online survey say they are satisfied with Modi govt after yrs. Surgical strikes of
1 ,I am heartily thankful to our hounarable PM Narendra Modi ji to boost health and medical education in daman diu and
1 , BJP will come to power this time without the support of JDS. You will see the magic tomorrow.
1 , BJP candidate Narayanaswamy and Congress candidate Byrathi Suresh spotted near Lottegollahal
1 ,Absolutely true, he started as booth level worker &amp; BJP has brought him where he is today. However, he skipped deta
0 , BJP workers staged protest outside Booth No. in Karadigudda, alleging that polling staff at the booth were asking people
1 ,Im Proud to be Fan of u Sir I think BJP is the Only Party Can do Any Changes In India And one and only In
1 ,Your hard work and effort have paid off! A success well deserved, an occasion worth celebrating! Congratulations...
1 ,I am heartily thankful to our hounarable PM Narendra Modi ji to boost health and medical education in daman diu and
0 ,u got it totally wrong.BJP is with closed
1 ,Yoga brings power to life!Let's stay fit with this tutorial of PM Modiji.
1 ,these main stream journalist like barka,rajdeep,sagarika and sekhar will make bjp suppor
1 ,this is THE danger due to BJP rule
1 ,What about modi his in power why his not arresting him??!!..congress ki dushmani me tum andhy hogy ho deshhit bhul gye ho
1 ,Thank you very much from the bottom of heart of daman diu and DNH, PM Narendra Modi ji who is providi
1 ,-- TMC workers beaten up allegedly by BJP workers in Nandigram's Satengabari area; One TMC
1 ,Using a tragedy for political gains. BJP at its best.
1 ,Why don't you and BJP leadership come and teach A Hindu Brahmin Lady lesson. After all you all are eer U
0 ,Watch TMC minister Rabindranath Ghosh slapping a BJP worker during Elections.The day has just started, get ready fo
1 , . Dalits have lot of resentment for BJP which may effect the core carder of BSP
0 , No non-Congress government existed before . The BJP itself possibly did not exist before . Happy to see that the BJP P
1 ,Shatrrughan Sinha's political career began much earlier to Modi. Shatruji's politics is not depending on Modi , and
1 ,And Yaddurappa seats so any numbers between to might be for BJP salient Voters can do wonder for BJP
0 ,I see the things without communal colour, whereas BJP Bhakts smelling the chances to cr
1 ,I hate for bjp .....I am full saport for congress .... proud of congress.....apki bj
1 ,Whats your take on election will bjp win ?
0 , Watch TMC minister Rabindranath Ghosh slapping a BJP worker during Elections.The day has just started, get ready for more
1 ,Thanks to the hounarable PM shri Narendra Modi is given numerous burnol moments and has been the sole reason behind
0 ,Watch BJP trying to win in
0 ,Outright win for BJP, Congress may shrink to seats, predicts Times Now Chanakya exit poll C
1 ,In , Modi promised corruption free government. By , Most of the charges against criminals and corrupt peopl
0 ,However it is necked truth Modi government loosing faith of Hindu s due to no action on stone Pelter'
1 , Narendra Modi has swine flu- i don't know why but this news is really exciting me
1 ,narendramodi Sharing an animated video that will teach you the ropes of Shalabhasana.
1 , -- TMC workers beaten up allegedly by BJP workers in Nandigram's Satengabari area; One TMC worker h
1 ,We are very grateful to our PM Narendra Modi ji. Now daman diu and DNH students can receive medical education.
1 ,Bol Nathuram Godse aur uske follower RSS/BJP murdabad....
0 ,Only Nirov Modi (or) his associates knew real picture
1 ,Modi supporters sit &amp; sing "Modi Modi"
1 ,Thank you very much from the bottom of heart of daman diu and DNH, PM Narendra Modi ji who is providing the medical
0 ,per cent believe Modi government on track to deliver its promises LocalCircles Survey
1 ,More than those that got punished under BJP. The
1 ,KP Sharma Oli thanks Narendra Modi for visit, says it will further strengthen Nepal-India relations
1 ,Thanks to PM Narendra Modi for the gift of Medical College to our U.Ts D&amp;NH and DD.
1 ,BJP is made up of GOONs
1 , Gauri Lankeshs Brother Campaigns For BJP Candidate In Karnataka Elections, Blames Siddaramaiah For Sisters Death
1 ,KP Sharma Oli thanks Narendra Modi for visit, says it will further strengthen Nepal-India relations
1 ,We are very grateful to our PM Narendra Modi ji. Now daman diu and DNH students can receive medical education.
0 ,BJP rather your own party who spoilt our country's fortune. Tharoor saab you are scholar from E
1 ,Stalker was Stalking Modi in Nepal. Guess whose Homosexual dreams are crushed forever?
1 ,BJP politician in J&amp;K fighting against acting Army Officers, claiming that the Army officers protest against his a
1 ,I am heartily thankful to our hounarable PM Narendra Modi ji to boost health and medical education in daman diu and u
1 ,Thank you very much from the bottom of heart of daman diu and DNH, PM Narendra Modi ji who is providing the medical
0 ,BJP folks disrupting communal harmony. Nothing new under this Central government. We give these guys one more five d
1 ,Many Many thanks to Shri Narendra Modi ji for New Medical College in Daman &amp; Diu D
1 ,PM Modi's quotes via NMApp
1 ,PM Narendra Modi for the gift of Medical College to our U.Ts D&amp;NH and DD.
0 , Bookies eect the BJP to win $NUMBER$ seats in the while the Congress may get $NUMBER$ seats. In market parlance
1 ,Many will leave BJP and join TDP.
0 ,Very carefully you've not mentioned who did this! Please protect didi and her Tmc goons! God forbid, If BJP h
1 ,BJP ki taraf si toh milthe hai...
0 ,years of Modi government Poll checks public mood - The Economic Times
0 , per cent believe Modi government on track to deliver its promises LocalCircles Survey
1 ,I hear BJP gan..dus praising PVNR now.
1 ,off course,once BJP in power these sanghis will go back to their homes towns &amp; create mini sili
1 ,PM Modi's quotes via NMApp
1 ,Where is your gang; the award wapasi, left, CONgi, pseudo intellectual and other parasites? They o
1 ,Thank you very much from the bottom of heart of daman diu and DNH, PM Narendra Modi ji who is providing the medical
1 ,So the so called farzi nationalist of bjp are settling their ilegal empire on it
1 ,I am heartily thankful to our hounarable PM Narendra Modi ji to boost health and medical education in daman diu and
1 , Take action. Modi &amp; Co have been speaking &amp; only speaking. They are too useless &amp; incompetent or have no
0 ,It's trends of Modi government, foreign minister is Sushma Swaraj but mostly foreign tour done by
1 ,I bet citizens of AP, who were angry on BJP for not giving special status, must be saying "Allah"..
1 ,Thank you very much from the bottom of heart of daman diu and DNH, PM Narendra Modi ji who is providing the medical
1 , Modi and BJP run - they have no time or money for farmers - they just work for rich businessmen. Dear
1 ,BJP National President shree Amit Shah ji.
1 ,This is Cong partys Nawaz Sharif moment BJP
0 ,And BJP national VP and Prabhari A
1 , On being identified, BJP supporter Sujit Kumar Das, was slapped by Minister Rabindra Nath Ghosh
1 , Another first for Modi!
1 , For example, "Kaanta Lagane Wale Bahut upset Hain Modi se aajkal Banaras mein.
1 ,Rahul fobia ? Is it really exist ? Don't u know the freedom of eression or its only mat
1 ,Overheard breakfast "Sources in the BJP inform me there's widespread panic about the election results in Malaysia."
1 ,For yrs u waited for Modi-govt to tow ur tows out of ur dozen abusing/threatening tweets but Alas! Ur trail of tri
1 , Saying PC a Sharif of India means Dosti of PM Modi with PakiSharif will continue.
1 ,You are jealous that Modi Ji is not ruthless like Osama Bin Laden, against his dissenters. Keep prov $NUMBER$
0 , The Congress ecosystem tried to malign the great artwork of Karan Acharya from Mangaluru whose Hanuman portrait has captur
1 ,  On being identified, BJP supporter Sujit Kumar Das, was slapped by Minister Rabindra Nath Ghosh (in purple kur
0 ,BJP will not form a government
1 ,Jabse JDU , BJP ke saath aayi hai....
1 ,To all liberals celebrating bjp supporters being beaten in bengal u will be next if u even dream about voting out tmc
1 , On being identified, BJP supporter Sujit Kumar Das, was slapped by Minister Rabindra Nath Ghosh
1 ,its in west Bengal, therefore he was at least caught. any BJP ruled state...it wouldn't even be a news.
1 ,Thank you so much pm Narendra modi for the medical college in daman and diu (DNH)
1 ,BJP candidate Sriramulu worships cow before voting
0 ,Thank you pm Narendra Modi for giving the new chance to study in the medical college
0 , A majority % people in an online survey say they are satisfied with Modi govt after yrs. Surgical strikes of have
1 , Wonderful job done . But when BJP will take action on Dacoits who has looted our White TAX PAID Money ? Four
1 , In fact , Rahul deserves such praise as he is cool &amp; calm man. He has all the qu
1 , BJP member arrested for putting up ISIS posters in Assam.
0 ,A year back, member of BJP IT Cell was arrested in Madhya Pr
1 ,Situation of Modi:
0 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with an ey
0 ,Wow this one tweet is proof enough to vote back Modi ji in
0 ,One channel aired its two exit polls for , one showing BJP ahead and the other Congress.
1 ,Thanks to PM Narendra Modi for the gift of Medical College to our U.Ts D&amp;NH and Daman and dui. $NUMBER$
0 , RT vijayrupanibjp Amazed to see the enthusiasm of the people associated with - a month long sta
1 ,  BJP worker arrested for shouting at poll officials &amp; creating ruckus at polling booth in . https:/
1 ,Yes I am bhakt of bjp because I respect nationalism above any thing
1 ,Such a wet moment for liberal media. Thrashing BJP ppl. Its like their fantasy came true. Hail Bengal's Gunda Didi!
1 ,In fact , Rahul deserves such praise as he is cool &amp; calm man. He has all t $NUMBER$
1 ,I am heartily thankful to our hounarable PM Narendra Modi ji to boost health and medical education in daman diu and
1 ,Modi is a fascist leader.
0 ,"Every time the BJP wins an election, the zealots at large become even more aggressive on the ground and the RSS mo
1 , speculations holds no water and this can be seen as another gimmick by BJP to influence Rajasthan and MP voters well I think
1 ,Shameful that BJP entertains these selfish politicians. Casting aspersions on Indian Army which is waging a battle
1 ,Modi goes to Japan and visits a Buddhist temple. No problem. He goes to Nepal and visits a Hindu tem $NUMBER$
0 , 'I don't want an Islamophobic BJP government in the Centre or state,' says this young voter https://t.c
1 ,Thank you very much from the bottom of heart of daman diu and DNH, PM Narendra Modi ji who is providing the medical
1 ,Rahul Gandhis classy taunt on Modi. Sidesplitting really!!
0 ,Did you report when BJP and left candidates were beaten during the panchayat elections? Payback time
1 ,Video Of BJP-Congress Workers Attacks Each Other Near Poll Booth In Gadag Has Emerged
1 , So refreshing to see a BJP president having the guts to speak against Chidambaram. Hope it doesn't remain an election rhetoric
1 ,I think is better, She is biased she made big issue when KCR is slip of tongue on Modi but not eve
1 , assembly bypoll Triangular contest between LDF,UDF, BJP
1 ,Congratulations on your succes
1 ,I am heartily thankful to our hounarable PM Narendra Modi ji to boost health and medical education in daman diu and $NUMBER$c
1 ,please do these article because modi ji stopped taking journalis
0 ,Plz vote for BJP . Throw Jihadi didi out of Bengal
0 ,I AM SORRY TO SAY! govt become a big tension for Indian now. We voted for good &amp; cleanup the congress
0 ,BJP unable to find Rajasthan chief as no one wants to be a scapegoat Sachin Pilot - via
1 , - Trinamool Minister' Rabindranath Ghosh slaps BJP worker
1 ,. feeling embrassed aftr eed Modi-NawajSh
0 , Watch BJP trying to win in
1 ,I will give the same logic if any BJP worker dies in WB. Those who live by sword chased by sword.
0 ,On the other hand, *central* and *state* intelligence reports apparently put Congress $NUMBER$ seats ahead of BJP. Bo
0 ,Bjp is full of spokes person, no minister at all
1 ,BJP workers are being killed, intimidated, beaten, bombs are being hurled in West Bengal. Home Minister is sitting
1 ,The bjp leader Mr neeraj Singh promote a beti bachao mission by a documentary film beti bachao b
1 ,All u members ..Bhakts and cheer leaders of bjp. A tea seller became a PM of india under rule.
1 ,Was it PM Modi's Brain Child for Keep India Clean. I am
1 ,Congratulations.. it's future of our children.
0 ,years of Modi govt Survey says popularity down but per cent satisfied, communalism majorconcern
0 ,There is no reason to hate modi
1 ,Request Modi Government to deport these piece oh shits along with her.
1 ,It does not suit you as these broadly show BJP winning
1 ,Action was taken against him by ED under BJP govt, INC mein actio
1 ,Modi gussa is only dakosla to hide his weaknesses as he has failed to deliv
1 , Your hard work and effort have paid off! A success well deserved, an occasion worth celebrating! Congratulations...
1 ,Long-Term Stagnation In Uttar Pradesh Is Modi's Biggest Challenge Ahead Of
1 , EC rubbishes Congress' allegation of EVM registering only BJP Votes
1 ,Hahaha, bhai brace yourself, BJP is going to be there till ...keep your ammunitions intact for next
0 ,Thank you very much to PM Shri Narendra Modi for sanctioning a medical college for the people of DD &amp; DNH D
0 ,,Bjp is is already win Bsy is cm
1 ,You are not a person of general prudence. Modi ji won't react. Bhakts like me are testing your status to
1 ,Well yes. Kaur is nowhere compared to Modi.
1 ,Mr. Prime Minister Modi.
1 , French newspaper Le Monde refuses to run Narendra Modi's interview u
0 , arnab da dad is very bjp rss leader $NUMBER$
1 , Shameful that BJP entertains these selfish politicians. Casting aspersions on Indian Army which is waging a battle in Kashmir
0 ,And the media terms PM Modi as dictator. democracy is under threat etc but hails Mamata banerjee under whom ppl are d
0 , PM Modi goes all out to win hearts, Nepal foreign minister says ties at new high
0 ,No one care about women safety in Delhi. BJP Congress r doing bad politics w
1 ,I am heartily thankful to our hounarable PM Narendra Modi ji to boost health and medical education in daman diu and
1 ,Mamta Banerjee is all that is Modi
0 ,...and she wants to lead fight against Modi ...congress, AAP c
0 ,BJP politicians are afraid of media and also incredibly dumb. A smarter minister would have
1 ,It's on eected line, and sold their politics in Mamta feet to defeat fascist Modi?
1 , BJP is decentralising corruption Jyotiraditya Scindia
0 ,years of Modi govt Survey says popularity down but per cent satisfied, communalism majorconcern
0 , So it's not the crude oil which determines the fuel prices in India, it's the BJP government who hikes it. If they can pause
1 ,We have massive class apart comparison between BJP and CONGRESS BJP style of start up is Pakoda S u
1 ,Thank you shri Narendra modi ji....... Now our daman students can also be doctors in our own state.......
1 ,I am heartly thankful to PM shri Narendra Modi ji for approval of medical college in daman diu and DNH which is the
1 ,Very very thanks to our greatPM Shri narendramodi ji our Hon'ble Administrator Shri Praful K Patel and the entire c
1 ,wasnt police also defending the Unnao BJP MLA, how credible is police these days?
1 ,India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor via
0 ,This tweet is helping drive a lot of calls and emails to Congress at a crucial moment ahead of the vote. Every RT hel s
0 , If you want Maxine Waters out of Congress and in retirement. Donate to the campaign at and mak
1 , Truly Said, Congress, Pakistan, Ghadhis, Media, Fake NGO can't find fault in Modi so they Tarnish the image of My Hindustan,
0 , WHY is our country now dependent on to hold our Congress and President accountable? Whyte
1 , Please RT and keep on RT so pressure on our Congress moves them into action.
0 , Congress to stand with all the families who have lost their dear ones in the ThunderStorm https://
1 ,Congress and Pakistan are walking straight into a trap.n.
1 , There is a non-bailable warrant against RR Nagar Congress MLA, Munirathna, in the fake voter ID case. But he's present at s
1 ,. Win in Karnataka for BJP might mean G
0 ,May th is primary day. Please vote Scott Uehlinger for Congress, PA . Scott is a Trum
1 , The great Congress IT cell head and great FOS champion skip from casting their votes.
0 , He did a lot of harm to Vietnam veterans while in Congress. I never understood why
1 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with fog?
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor
1 , Even as you have your Sunday brunch, think whether you've felt, for even a moment, that Congress is not that bad.. Usean
1 ,says intelligence report of state and centre indicates congress simple majority
1 ,Congress aims to force Pentagon reform on open burning of munitions Getty/icho.. via
1 ,How could he ensure else people verdicts are upon congress nearly per compare to bjp per? By project
1 ,These are Facts &amp; Figures which Congress Senior Leader can't deny upon.
0 , What happened to Congress? There was a time when more than % of Congressmen declined to seek re-election. Now, it isll
1 , Congress Ecosystem helping Congress to protect the corrupt FM and make the corrupt CM a hero inspite of writing on wall. PC c
1 , Post Congress Depression struck me hard already. Instant wish to quit both my jobs at university and do awesome stuff full
1 , Omg. After H-K, Deccan Chronicle, Cong mouthoiece says BJP likely to sweep coastal karnataka. https:// $
1 , Rahul's leadership depends on stupid thick-headedness
1 , Rahul - I am proud of you. This is the treatment Indian nationals deservrt
0 ,"Congress ko vote doge, to Rahul
1 ,Keep Gaddar away from the party so congress once again come in the power.
1 ,Anand Mishra b/o Late Sarla Mishra( congress leader M.Pll
1 ,Minirity voting has been lower? Deccan Chronicle says it may hurt Cong big time as M voted less than % in charged
0 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its pub s
0 ,  Congress did nothing in years.
0 , Congress did nothing in years.
1 ,Lets Talk Elections, with Benito Benny Bernal running for the US Congress representing The th
1 , Congress Wool for Future Markets opens with a theatrical start in Hong Kong
0 , Congress will win + seats in Karnataka
1 , The internet is essential to marginalized communities. Congress must fight back against the and go on for
1 , Karnataka will b Saffronised on May !!
0 ,Pappu will b in search of new massage Destination!!
1 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with fold
1 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used taayn. M
0 , Sorry media and Congress Pidis. When was the last time out of exit polls picked the wrong winner? You know it, we k
1 ,) Apologize to whom? To the same congress that approll
1 , After subjugating and/or weakening Congress, the AFP, PNP, CHR, COMELEC, and the Media, the Supreme Court and Constitst
1 , Vendetta politics will increase. Half the bogus cases against Congress leaders will be back to divert attentioce
1 , They Can't Even Manage A Marriage Ceremony And Dreaming To Manage Entire Country By Extending Support To Rahul Gandhi. Ju
0 ,Congress and BJP" both parties are ruling since long time. But any party can't bring atmosphere li..
1 , No more congress gunda raj So feeling discomfo s
1 , Sad thing is that even an exit poll agency is held to a higher standard of performance than Rahul Gandhi.
1 ,Congress is even less confident of a clear majority after exit polls.
1 ,Has Chidambaram left congress?
1 ,After filing charge sheet against P.Chidambaram of congress in huge immovable assets in abroad by Income tax depart
0 ,Fake account. Probably good old pappu trying to extract some revenge on Shehzad.
1 , Arrange King Al Saud To Finance And Operate The Border Wall; Forty Years Of Tolls As Compensation? FUCK CONGRESS; CHEll
0 , hints at role in /11 attacks Though , author of the book, /11 RSS ki Saazish? has ap
1 ,Oyo APC LG Congress Now HoldsSunday via Thisdng
1 , Omg. After H-K, Deccan Chronicle, Cong mouthoiece says BJP likely to sweep coastal karnataka. https:// .
1 ,Congress just adjourned for weeks.
1 ,the way u are tweeting against BJP and NARENDRA MODI it seems that Rahul Gandhi is the producer of ur next movie
1 , Planned Parenthood donated more money to Congress in one election than the NRA has since s
1 , May release that faster than Congress slushfund list of sexual abusers.
1 , Sanjay Patil, BJP candidate from Belagavi rural. Listen to him lambasting Rahul Gandhi for disrespecting Vishveshwaraiah and V
1 ,Dear Modiji, i am herewith enclosing my prediction for bjp prospects in karnataka based on my calculation. pls ack.
1 , Honourable knows Modi always sides with Corrupts like Nirav Modi, Mehul Bhai etc and have no hopes from him, ll
1 ,Lets start with Congress! Gina Haspel is well qualified women for CIA director but Congre $NUMBER$
1 ,Me, too. And that there were a whole lot more mothers in Congress.
1 , Which is why I think Congress members like Maxine Waters, Elizabeth Waren, Nancy Polesi and Kamala Harris who have been
0 ,In such case as party Congress have existence in all states of India but do u a $NUMBER$
0 , Will you for vote Rahul Gandhi as PM?ss
1 , dies June thending the Internet as we know itunless Congress passes the CRA resolution blocking the
1 ,Didnt know Constable Ombale was a Congresswoman? Who amongst congress leaders urged him to throw himself on Kashi
0 , When did Rajdeep say Cong sweeping city? D
1 ,In Pappu Party, Pappu is never blamed for defeats, for that a minion is sacrificed.
1 ,He was the main campaigner for Congress in Karnataka!!
0 , I appeal to all office bearers &amp; workers of the Congress party in Karnataka to provide all possible assistance to those af
1 , This is a horrible idea and every member of Congress associated with it should lose next election.
1 ,Ayyo, the complaint is not about his leading BJP but about his Congress past. Leaders with Congress paOU
0 , Congress party must apologise to Nation who blaming RSS is involvement
1 ,Definitely under congress, where u can marry beautiful, independent
1 ,Michael Avenatti is doing Congress job for them. I wish he accepted Paypal.
1 , Congress is all set to make Indi
1 ,Is this administration/Congress purposefully destroying us back down to Third World country, with no
1 , MUSLIM BODY SEEKS VOTES FOR CONG
1 , Was Sunanda safe in Congi's hand ? She died a natural death as per Tharoor only but a Congi who himself couldn't kee
1 , Live on at pm on whether Rahul Gandhi will pass the when it comes to - Rahul j
1 , A rioter, a criminal, a thug, a female actor and a corrupt CA these are the top of the BJP and a CM candidate who has been ja
1 , Omg. After H-K, Deccan Chronicle, Cong mouthoiece says BJP likely to sweep coastal karnataka. https://t.
1 ,Congressional challengers use bill backed by drug companies against incumbents
1 ,You blamed the Congress for abandoning Shaheed Bhagat Singh.
1 ,It is a complete disgrace that congress would even entertain testimony from a terrorist! Shameful!
0 , While Congress debates whether climate change is real. It is having real and deadly consequences now and its devastati s
0 , This is who I want to stand with in Congress. , you are a legend.
1 , An excellent meeting of Congress family of Puri DCC addressed by AICC Secretary Garu and Odisha PCC W
1 , Minirity voting has been lower? Deccan Chronicle says it may hurt Cong big time as M voted less than % in charged coastal kar
1 , This so reminds me of Rahul Gandhi vs Narendra Modi. $NUMBER$c
1 , I bet a higher percentage of Congress would fail a drug test than those on assistance.
1 , "Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi should initiate an investigation against Mr. P Chidambram by ordering CBI" ~ Defence Minll
1 , Delhi Leaders and workers of Congress staged protest against CM Arvind Kejriwal &amp; Aam Aadmi Party alleging scam in CCTV Camera pr
1 , Modi's critic Kashmiri Muslim comes out in defence of Modi's Mother when A Hindu critic writes something derogatory a
1 , I want to ask our opponents and the Congress whose senior party leaders have launched a book that /11 attack was an RSS conspiR$
0 , One more thought on this Tweet - the founding fathers did not anticipate spineless blobs of protoplasm in congress like McCon
1 ,Its not country but congress is not safe either in Modi's Hands or Rahul's Hanpa
0 ,Congress OKs sex-trafficking bill that critics say will censor the Internet $NUMBER$
1 , Without action from Congress, net neutrality is set to end on June .
1 ,Will congress utter any single statement for corruption charges on PC?
1 , One of the Most Hard worker for Congress Party Bhai Aman Ahmad from Firozpur Jhirka constituency
1 ,With the Congress not being shown favourably you would not like it
1 ,Cong only alternative in state and Centre, says Hooda junior
1 , Deccan Chronicle is Cong mouthpiece and is saying even cong leaders on ground say reddy brothers played power politics and took
1 , In , a book named26/11  RSS ki Sazishwas released by Digvijay Singh. The book claims the RSS &amp; BJP are behind /ll
1 , They can get civil society to sit on dharna at Ramleela Maidan to force Prime Minister Rahul Gandhis hand on this. https:
1 , Honourable knows Modi always sides with Corrupts like Nirav Modi, Mehul Bhai etc and have no hopes from him, so
0 ,Congress party will not in govt for sure.
1 , . Congress (past, present, &amp; future) participates in Social Security. All funds in the Congressional retirement fund move
1 ,The First President of India, Past President Congress Party
1 , Vote for Trinamool Congress candidates in the Panchayat elections.
1 , Big sermons on propriety and lessons on democracy by campaigning against Hindus and their culture,eect too much from other
1 , Ever wonder why "We Don't Say His Name" gushed praises for Huma...While smearing those in Congress that dared q
0 , u ppl have any shame? CONgress leaders was busy labelling /11 was RSS ki sazish &amp; now some moron come out and giving gy
1 , rd International Congress on Medieval Studies attendance total ,623
1 ,Yes &amp; NDTV must be praying they are wrong this time so that Congress gets to form Govt otherwise &amp;
1 , Congress leader said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited at Nepals temples just to influence voter
1 , I won't remain neutral when a political party is working against my language/identity, if that makes me cong supporter so
1 ,Now Sacrificing Congress for her Son
1 , No more congress gunda raj So feeling discomfort
0 , What about RSS link on /11 terrorist attack. ?
1 ,Don't spread fake propaganda again RSS &amp; Hindus.
1 ,Apparently is running for congress, and this is the funniest thing I've read all weeki
0 , The NSC spying on White House staff to facilitate a political purge is a new level of crazy. Congress needs to figure out n:
1 ,I am praying daily for Congress to win the karnataka election I am Victor a close friend
1 , $NUMBER$ INR Looted by only one leader of Congress. Imagine What amount all leaders of Congress have looted.
1 ,No Sir..Then India is not safe in either Congress hands. Nation cant be allowed to loot by
1 , residents please consider voting for me, your endorsed candidate for US Congress. And then please make sure yo
1 ,Earlier u were in Anti Congress group with BJP now u r in anti BJP group with Congress...... Do u h
0 ,. Congress will no longer vote themselves
1 , This is how Modi &amp; Yeddy are getting "Reddy" to loot Karnataka. Fortunately, the people of Karnataka will not let that hap
1 , Profits will pour in as long as he is in office and Members of Congress refuse to divest their holdings in drug and medical dev
1 , Even as you have your Sunday brunch, think whether you've felt, for even a moment, that Congress is not that bad.. Use t
1 ,Batteground Karnataka- Shekhar Iyer Deccan Herald Exit Polls Indicate Congress Not Coming Back With a Majority
1 ,Anchor attacks Rahul for losing all elections one after the other.
0 , Why not eedite the matter?Vacate the LS and hand over the govt to the Congress.Then see what Rahul Gandhi can and will  s
1 , DPCC President Shri. addresses the Media after Delhi Congress Massive Workers Candle March against CCTV Scam Of Ke
1 , Ever wonder why "We Don't Say His Name" gushed praises for Huma...While smearing those in Congress that daredns
1 , Congressional challengers use bill backed by drug companies against incumbents C s
1 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used taayer
0 ,Italian Meatballs where brilliantly nakeds media stooges congis n chinese gandhis n assures there is n
1 ,Probably why % of congress, inclu
1 , TAKE ACTION! Tell Congress to Pass the Local FARMS Act!
1 , Nothing can be more confusing than watching the Karnataka exit poll predictions on English news channels
1 ,Congress just adjourned for weeks.o.
1 , Karnataka Congress has handed over Bengaluru to an infamous trio, which excels in corruption, looting, land grabbing and
1 , These are the five evils Congress and its culture have broughll
0 , Italian Meatballs where brilliantly nakeds media stooges congis n chinese gandhis n assures there is nothing tet.
1 ,He used to make deals and buy without money, sir congress has a budget that comes from Tax payers not loans fr $NUMBER$c
1 ,Apply Maximum Pressure on Congress for Key Confirmations
1 , More than nos of BJD and Congress youth workers joined Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) at in my presence.welcome
1 , I introduced an amendment requiring the White House to tell Congress how it'll protect against foreign influence online be
0 , BJP asks Congress President whether he will investigate 's foreign assets.
1 , The great Congress IT cell head Ramya and great FoS champion Prakash Raj skip from casting their votes!ll
1 ,Political Podcast How is it that all of congress, the president, and EVERYBODY take so long to push this bill thro
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury One Exit Poll Predicting a Congress Majority
1 ,Never forget the day when these Congr
1 , I bet a higher percentage of Congress would fail a drug test than those on assistancBI
1 ,They forget to change PM Rahul Gandhi's picture with CM Siddaramaiah...LOL
1 ,India not safe in Congress' hands as the nation cannot be built on the shoulders of thieves, or shoulders of morons...
1 , A Government is going to focus on food processing and horticulture. The current Congress government in the
0 , If the Congress was sincere about the empowerment of women, they should have allowed Parliament to function. They did nre
1 , Online program for the XIX ISA World Congress of Sociology is now available!
1 , The Rajasthan Election campaign started by Congress Proxies
1 ,In every election PIDI start and in final phase congress appea
1 ,Unfortunately, the Congress has no understanding
1 , More women than ever are running for Congress, but that doesnt mean a record in November. Many face crowded primaries and tou
1 , In Karnataka, Congress Vs BJP is a "no contest" as this graphic shows.
1 , When Karnataka was suffering from a drought, Congress ministers who should have helped our farmers were in Delhi playing
1 , Mr Modi you must know that congress made Mr KR Narayanan, President in and he was the first member of the co
0 , Italian Meatballs where brilliantly nakeds media stooges congis n chinese gandhis n assures there is nothing tee.
0 ,This includes wives of top Congress party leadersll
1 , Rajpal Yadav will be perfect for the role of Rahul Gandhi.
1 , Paul Ryan says he needs notice of a deal by May if the current Congress is going to be able to vote on it in Dec
1 , Congress President Rahul Gandhi, who is himself out on bail should come out and tell us if he is going to investigate this c
1 ,Gayle, Rahul, Agarwal, Nair, Yuvi Miller, Ashwin, Mohit, Tye, Rajpoot and Mujeeb
0 ,That is the reason, congress wants keep people poor.
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks lit.
0 ,Congress Ko vote doge , to RahulOf
0 , Now Defence Minister should take Pakistan for task instead of wasting her time on what Rahul Gandhi has t
1 ,is running for Congress (8th District).ll
1 ,Congress Just Called For The IMMEDIATE ARREST Of John Kerry Right After He Was Found Guilty
1 ,Communication Minister faults APC Congress, LG poll in Oy...
1 ,U can choose ur poll depending on your preference of BJP winning or Congress or a hs.
1 ,Net Neutrality ENDS on June unless Congress stops the FCC. THIS PROBLEM HAS NOT BEEN
0 , agree, same time if bowlers r not good in oppo team . they will get trashed, same here, Rahul is not fit ft.
0 ,I feel no party will cross digits in Karnataka. I will be very happy if Karnataka party JDS crosses + so that w c
1 ,The awesome moment was the of kl Rahul . The way he is playing just mind-blowing
1 ,sahis tharoor said country is not safe in bjp's hand.he typed country instead of congress by mistak s
1 , Ram Vilas Paswan mocks Rahul Gandhi's PM remark, says no vacancy in d
1 ,our racist nation sent this poor kid to harvard, elected him to congress, afforded him jobs making $400,000 fees...
1 , Thumamina is embarassing the African National Congresr.
0 , The NSC spying on White House staff to facilitate a political purge is a new level of crazy. Congress needs to figure out  s
1 ,"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment $NUMBER$
1 ,shall have qualified; and the Congress may by law provide for the case wherein
1 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with foO)
1 , Its not country but congress is not safe either in Modi's Hands or Rahul's Hands
1 , Dear here is a person the are putting up for Congress in Cali. s
1 , $NUMBER$ INR Looted by only one leader of Congress. What amount all leaders of Congress have looted Indians public mo
1 ,What about that part that says congress must approve such
1 ,I suppose you're aware that both Congress and the Supreme Court open up each day in prayer?
1 ,Compare to cong the bjp is ok for indians
1 ,Yes I know. All roads and highways which are constructed, that were passed their bills in congress go s
1 ,Super cliche from a Congress Man who found the period when Sikhs perished quite safe for a country which shook
1 , Elect Dion Douglas for Congress!
1 ,Yep,Congress should be ashamed for choosing him as V.p
1 ,BJP, Congress spar over P Chidambaram's 'undeclared' assee.
1 ,Bhai ...Hands are Congress symbols no ? Lotus is safer
1 , Madan Mohan Malviya how a four-time Congress president became a BJP icon C via
0 , Islamic organisations are appealing Muslims &amp; Christian Missonaries are appealing to Christians to vote for Congress &amp;
0 , Thanks for the kind words, Gene! We can help stand up to the by sending real candidates to Congress - others
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks li U
1 , Without action from Congress, net neutrality is set to end on June s
1 , The Karnataka Govt's revolutionary SC/ST sub plan, allocates % of all resources to Dalits &amp; Adivasis as per their % of p
1 ,His Inferior Majesty, the Orange Emperor, has just told the Peoples Congress to do as he tells thte W
1 , Yes actually, if Rahul Gandhi had stayed away i think siddu would have done even bettee.
1 , Super cliche from a Congress Man who found the period when Sikhs perished quite safe for a country which shook as a tre
1 ,Hi, just a friendly reminder to the president...you can't fire nor force congress to do anything and too many
1 , H.Res. by  Eressing the sense of the United States House of Representatives that Congress and the Pre
1 ,Sure,CONGRESS WINS IN KARNATAKA ELECTI C
1 , Congress Ijumu APC Factions Converge, Settle Differences
1 , Congress regulates Women Birth Control
0 , If you want Maxine Waters out of Congress and in retirement. Donate to the campaign at and mca
0 ,For Rahul, its a long road ahead to Lok Kalyan Marg - The Sunday Guardian Live
1 , Ishaq Asuku Eress Satisfaction With Conduct of APC Congress in Adavi
1 , Wait... Karnataka verdict is out? Heard it was on th.
1 ,See of already gave Karnataka to her pa
1 , I bet a higher percentage of Congress would fail a drug test than those on assistancp?
0 ,At least once a year Hindu families do full house cleanin,at the start of the process we usually find a large cart
1 ,It's poor CPM cadres who are taking support of bjp cadres out of fear of TMvy
1 , Vote Stephen Jaffe for Congress!
1 , dies June thending the Internet as we know itunless Congress passes the CRA resolution blocking tt.
1 , Serving in Congress is an honor, not a career. The Founding Fathers envisioned citizen legislators should serve their te s
0 ,Ryan don't care he trying to get as much money as he can before he leaves cong
1 ,She once said in that too before general elections " We are ignoring Rahul Gandhi because we live
1 ,Congress denies chances of going in alliance with JD(S) in Karnataka
1 ,NEW DELHI Congress on Sunday d
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury Stakes Higher For Congress In Karnataka Election Than Bby
1 ,Host fundraisers for your Members of Congress and Senators.
0 ,If not win the election, it will be the biggest tragedy for Congress.
0 , Some snaps from Membership Launching of Bihar Pradesh Youth Congress, national president Shri Inch
0 , Congress just allocated $380M for state election security. That money needs to go to HAND MARKED PAPER B
1 ,There's definitely something fishy about the way congress caves to hian
1 , Report to Congress on Artificial Intelligence and National Security
1 ,"Another Holocaust denier is running for US Congress' $NUMBER$ Patrick Little Little is cu
1 ,I am scared to think beyond May  because of possible scenarios are nightmares for BJP:
0 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with an er
1 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provides ftea,
1 ,But id be willing to bet that if youre elected to Congress, youll back the idiot inll
1 , She once said in that too before general elections " We are ignoring Rahul Gandhi because we live in Nar
1 ,I m not modi bhakt.N wants rahul gandhi should go on and be perfect politition.He is gentleman.
0 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Congrevy
1 , Why aren't all bump stocks banned by Congress? Wake up or go find another jo -
1 , If the Country is not safe under Nationalist BJP's hands, lets hand it over to Italian National CONgress where the Senioria
1 , Sudheendra Kulkarni, former aid of leaderL K Advani, showered praise on CongresspresidentRahul Gandhi, saying he i
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks livy
1 ,This is only an issue because Congress is trying so hard to disavow this CIA candidate. They know it's no longer!]ey
0 , Liar-in-Chief, Congress Govt always blamed only Pak for /11. Never ever did it blame RSS - though RSS has been responsiblell
0 , Gujarat to Karnataka How Congress upped social media game - Times of India!
1 ,Why Media and Bollywood Supports Corrupt Regime of Congress?
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury Don't Eect a Complete Wipe-Out Of The Congress In Karnataka
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury If Congress Wins Karnataka, It Will Project Revival Of The Parll
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury Psychological Demoralisation Of Congress Cadre Will Be An Issue For Rahul Gandhi
1 ,said in her debate with that the AUMF was one of the worst bills Congress could w $NUMBER$
1 , DPCC President Shri. addresses the Media after Delhi Congress Massive Workers Candle March against CCTV Scam Of  c
0 ,The credit will go to if Congress party wins the election Karnataka CM
1 , Many Congratulations to Keshav Chand Yadav Ji and Sriniwas BV Ji for being President an
0 , If so then it's a challenge... Let Cong declare RG as YOUR PM candidate for Lok Sabha and then see the real differenp?
1 ,'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family
1 , Rahul - I am proud of you. This is the treatment Indian nationals deserv s
0 , PM lists five facets of Congress government in last five years in Karnataka
1 ,Congress were not aliens. They were born in Hindu families onlhi
0 , Wow..Defence Minister thinks Rahul Gandhi is Prime Minister of India and asks him to investigate the wealth of P Chidambaram.?
1 ,Speaking at the Global Spine Congress, in Singapore, June
1 , Scott Pruitt has ignored the calls for him to resignso we need Congress to take action to !
0 , The reason behind them is THE WALL .... THE GREAT RAHUL DRAVID
1 , Congress investigate Boston Scientific and FDA
1 , McCAIN (the Viet Cong Colaberator) NEARLY SUNK AN AIRCRAFT CARRIER &amp; KILLED SAILORS.  a
1 ,Emerhor attributes peaceful Delta APC LG congress to unitylist D d
1 ,nothing will change without a NEW congress....vote
1 , Sir, in that case, Why Sardar Patel wasn't elected Congress President, who was to follow to become PM, as co
1 , Rahul Gandhi offers a clear-eyed perspective.
1 , Rawtx Another Lightning Network-enabled Wallet for BY Rahul Nambiampurath
1 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provides fn?
1 , When is this play releasing? And most importantly who is playing Rahul Gandhi? Would love to take the autograph of the pers
1 ,India not safe in BJP's hands as nation cannot be 'built on divides' Shashi Tharoor - The Indian Eress
1 ,Emerhor attributes peaceful Delta APC LG congress to unitylist
0 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Congrell
1 ,Congress. Minorities voted in % and all consolidated in favor of Congress. Means
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury BJP Win Will Cement Perception Of Moving To a 'congress-Mukt Bharat'
0 ,youre right, it matters to us. unfortunately, it doesnt matter to congress. theyre hypocrisy smells god
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury Karnataka Loss Would Be a Huge Setback For Congress
0 , Congress Party has touched the lives and minds of millions of young people in the length and breadth of the country for deca
1 , You probably found a more profitable work tweeting against Modi. Else, you won't be
1 , Ready for battle - today's editorial piece by on Rahul.
1 , Daniel Meuser is quite possibly the biggest RINO to ever run for Congress in Ps.
0 ,Modi government is pro-Hindu government. They have strong reve
1 ,Low minority turnout to hurt Congress in Karnataka  A senior Congress leaderia
1 , Everyone's prestige is at stake accept Rahul Gandhi.
0 ,Congress introduces bill to block government encryption backdoors
1 ,Why should the funds for the wall come from Congress?
1 , McCAIN (the Viet Cong Colaberator) NEARLY SUNK AN AIRCRAFT CARRIER &amp; KILLED SAILORS. 0)
1 , I have never seen the committed Congress , which was seen in . The way Congress fought
1 , Congress Party and IYC is the synonyms of
1 , . "We'd love for Congress to actually show up, do their jobs."
1 ,We predict that congress will come in to power with absolute majoritye"
1 ,What Ajimobi told winners of Oyo LG elections, APCcongress
1 , SHOULD MEDICALLY IMPAIRED MEMBERS OF CONGRESS BE FORCED TO RETIRE? BENEDICT MCSHAME WORKING FOR THE DEMENY? ENOUGH IS EN
1 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think of!o.
1 , Mick Mulvaney called on Congress to curb its eenses. Maybe he should have that same conversation with Scott Pruitt.
1 ,Will JD(s) tie up with congress whom they criticised for corruption? Will BJP tie up with J
1 ,You do know Congress only works about days per year. An ordinary
1 , Nawaz Sharif moment for Congress, says Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman D
1 ,Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is deni
1 ,Every single one of your tweets is archived by The Library of Congress.
0 , Liar-in-Chief, Congress Govt always blamed only Pak for /11. Never ever did it blame RSS - though RSS has been responsible f
1 , Great. Modi thatha is popular Mong kids takers for Buffoon pappu.
0 ,Is kompromat considered real factor with regards to particular members of Congress?
1 ,Emerhor Attributes Peaceful Delta APC LG Congress to Unity List
1 , HAMAS is running for Congress!if
0 ,Many Many thanks Karnataka. You made a history today by rejecting
1 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury Congress Well Placed In Rajasthan Due To Anger Against CM
1 ,Congress (Plus / Minus ) Seats
1 , With Chief Organiser All India Congress Sevadal &amp; Our Idol Shri Ji Si s
1 , Sharing few highlights from the nomination filing of Congress Party candidate Sh.Hardev Singh Laddi for the by-
1 , Ever wonder why "We Don't Say His Name" gushed praises for Huma...While smearing those in Congress that daredia
1 , Shri. Keshav Chand Yadav Ji appointed as the National President of Indian Youth Congress and Shri. Srinivas B. V. Ji as N).
1 , That said Devin has more going on than anyone in Congress. Hope we can count on you to seol
1 , What I hate is that most journalists even Rajdeep - subtly celebrate BJP more than any party.
1 , Get your very own limited edition Science Mayday poster by comic artist &amp; help send me to Congress! Wi $
1 , Heartiest congratulations to Shri. Ji on being appointed as the National President of Indian Youth Congr
0 , The Congress party's president who is also out on bail on a financial matter, he should certainly comment and tell people of India
1 ,With Chief Organiser All India Congress Sevadal &amp; Our Idol Shri Ji Sir.
1 , Make your voice heard call your reps in Congress TODAY &amp; ask them to support the Endangered Species Act, by opposing anti
1 ,Baby boomers have destroyed the housing market, they've voted for oil wars in congress, they've inflated college ed
1 , Meatballs are usually had with spaghetti. Here the meatballs (Congress) are rancid &amp; the spaghetti (Media) is a coagula
1 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Con-par
1 ,Before the counting day, my th sense tells me, BJP will get a comfortable majority on its own and will not have to
1 , Will the movement carry women candidates into Congress?
1 ,Dump CONgress immediately. Thats what Kannidagas have done.
1 ,Donate funds to oust the congressman of your choice.
1 ,Please dont tweet such news. Congress feeling uncomfortabler
1 ,Sea of Congress.. Hoodaaasss the warrioll
1 , "It looks a lot from where I sit as obstruction and that these individuals are acting as the President's fixers in Congress ..."
0 , Ap bjp new president kanna Lakshmi Narayana , ex congress minister as well son held for smuggling of liquor in .
1 ,This thread should be read aloud to every member of Congress u
1 , The Rajasthan Election campaign started by Congress Proxiese?
1 , The NRA just named one of the most infamous gun runners in the world with a history of lying to Congress to be its presiden
1 ,Even congress is not safe in these congressmen's hands.
0 , I resent that such a FOOL like Maxine Waters is in congress. I am offended that people can can be
1 ,Term limits, maximum age limits, health standards, medical competency reviews needed for all Congress.
1 , Good job Divya, your twitter handle has become synonymous with the Congress. Well done, cont).
1 , Daniel Meuser is quite possibly the biggest RINO to ever run for Congress in PA.
1 , Planned Parenthood donated more money to Congress in one election than the NRA has sinceil
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks lid,
0 , Congratulations Srinivas ji. Great acknowledgement of hard work and dedication to the ideals of Congress and our great leader
0 ,and for the blind Congress supporter , whats the diffrence of current govt. ?
0 , Just In  "We asked + people (1 person from every constituency) in Karnataka &amp; out of those, + people prefer AAP over
1 , SHE HAS BEEN DECLARED THE MOST CORRUPTED POLITICIAN IN CONGRESS HER ENTIRE CAREER SO WHY IS SHE STILL IN CONGRESS AND N
1 ,So Congress retains Karnataka , You mean
1 , India Today's exit poll predicts victory for Congress in Karnataka.
1 ,Congress denied any chances of stitching an alliance with the Janata Dal (Secular) post-Karnataka Assembly polls to U
1 , By deriding , PM Modi proves he is rattled by him. $NUMBER$
1 , India Today exit poll Siddaramaiah leads Congress to power in Karnataka vng
1 , I feel d greatest threat Hindus&amp; Sikhs is . How Sikhs support this party that bombarded Golden temple? Thia
1 , Let's urge Congress to deliver a special gift to working Moms &amp; all employees with , thankss.
1 ,When will you talk about your own party ? Always blaming congress is not fair .! As a ruliGA
1 , There is no doubt that we need more women in Congress. And since health care is such a pressing issue, women doctors would ha
1 ,Pelosi is unfit to be in Congrese.
0 ,Karnataka pe utna reaction nahin hoga Even if cong wins majority
0 , How does BJP &amp; Congress fund its party &amp; election machinery? Regional parties too will have to do the sam
1 ,Today's Deccan Chronicle has at least articles predicting doom and gloom for Cong.
1 , Congress denied any chances of stitching an alliance with the Janata Dal (Secular) post-Karnataka Assembly polls to come to po
1 , Honourable knows Modi always sides with Corrupts like Nirav Modi, Mehul Bhai etc and have no hopes from him,  $
0 , Narendra Modi does not want us to judge him on basis of failed Demonetization &amp; sloppy GST of but he wants us to judaw
1 , People disappointed with BJP, yearn for change  MP
0 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its pubk.
1 ,SEE THE FACTS~ THE PEOPLES CHOICE FOR CONGRESS
1 , Congress only alternative is state, centre  MP Deepender Singh Hooda
1 , Let that sink in An adult film star and her attorney are holding the President more accountable than the Congresia
1 , Learn how to detect leaks from Congress!
0 ,Congress will be the ruling party of india from my wish and my dream d
1 ,True...He should be fired by BJP..Were Priyanka..When it comes to nation..Common man does forget diffe
1 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Con-pll
1 ,Look at the stock market, it has already stopped thinking about congress win.
1 , Serving in Congress is an honor, not a career. The Founding Fathers envisioned citizen legislators should serve their term
1 ,Communism is no good. But neither is BJP or Congress!
1 , This thread should be read aloud to every member of Congress u
1 , dies June thending the Internet as we know itunless Congress passes the CRA resolution blocking tna
1 , Lets get this straight. Congress passes a law that allows water boarding after /11. Gina Haspel follows the law passed by
1 , Hahaha. Pappu reached to undisclosed destination
1 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provides fll
1 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provides fhi
0 , What healthcare plan did YOUR PARTY pass through Congre
1 , IN, NC, OH, WV - Vote to keep Congress RED on Nov
0 ,Its imperative to keep Congress RED! Please get out the vote for the
1 , Congress should take tax collectors out of the business of regulating political activity, writes Bradley A. Smith http
1 , I bet a higher percentage of Congress would fail a drug test than those on assistancia
1 ,Congress and Pakistan are walking straight into a trap.
1 , National Convention organised by Nationalist Student Congress attended  $
1 , How many of us remember the omerta observed against Congress top leaders when Vajpayee Congress was in the control of BJP?
1 , Congress denied any chances of stitching an alliance with the Janata Dal (Secular) post-Karnataka Assembly polls to come to ng
0 , Now the youth of the MP is ready to throw the Shivraj Sarkar and to form a Congress government in MP.
0 , Its time to dump Garbage of including gang of journo basterds. Rahul Sonia are garbage in the h
0 ,You urge is very good , but we also want to know what your congress party worker do for victim ?
1 ,working to deliver the best eerience Rahul(2/2)
1 ,On /May/2018,at GUBBI GATE Junction,in TUMKUR, the CONGRESS TEAM had a ROADSHOW along with THEIR PAKISTANI FRIEND
1 , Modi and Amit Shah watching result i
1 , Just so were clear...US Patriots will NEVER allow to be removed from office. Mueller, Rosenstein, Cong
1 ,The th ESPEN Congress on Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism:
0 , Gujarat to Karnataka How Congress upped social media game - Times of India!R$
1 , they'd send Congress this message:
1 ,Now Congress &amp; their slaves must find
1 , Ive said it before and Ill say it again. I eect that there will be members of Congress indicted in the Mueller Probe be
0 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Congre $
1 ,Disagree. While the killings of Hindus was carried out by brainwashed Sikhs, the killing of Sikhs (genocill
1 ,Lucas literally just said the Rebels are the Viet Cong
1 ,The BJP Karnataka Manifesto, inspired by Narendra Modi, is a poorly crafted fantasy built around a weak
1 ,Hes tried to do more but congress blocked him.
1 , Low minority turnout to hurt Congress in Karnataka  A senior Congress leader
1 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provides fr.
1 , Congress failed all tests of decency &amp; morality when you all coined the word Hindu Terror after /11vy
0 , If congress gets the power in karnatak, one thing is sure that, in Goa present BJP government will not survivs.
1 , When you find a sweet girl at RBAR or Congress $NUMBER$
1 , The Congress leader mocked the exit polls and said, 'Exit opinion polls are entertainment for the next days'
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks li s
1 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provides f y
1 ,Congress isn't a mess because the PA delegation doesn't have a woman. Is being so damned sexist and superio
1 , Rahul - I am proud of you. This is the treatment Indian nationals deserve.
1 ,Hope Karnataka WINNING TRUE AGAIN CONGRES.
1 ,Disagree. While the killings of Hindus was carried out by brainwashed Sikhs, the killing of Sikhs (genocide
0 , Dear Election Commission while Karnataka polling is on I got a promotional campaign audio call &amp; SMS to vote Congress  s
1 , Which is why I think Congress members like Maxine Waters, Elizabeth Waren, Nancy Polesi and Kamala Harris who have bevy
1 , Live on at pm on whether Rahul Gandhi will pass the when it comes to - Rahulel
1 ,Will Siddaramaiah magic help Cong reap rich dividends again? - Times of India
1 ,Congress should also be banned for aiding, abetting and encouraging Pakistan
1 , Baby boomers have destroyed the housing market, they've voted for oil wars in congress, they've inflated college education
1 , Senator Bernie Sanders' son carries his father's fire into congress fight. The system is rigged against low-income, working-c
0 , All three states he mentioned are non bjp Govt... why did this Pappu ask his wot.
1 , I am scared to think beyond May  because of possible scenarios are nightmares for BJP:
1 , Skeletons on congress coming out slowly
1 ,What is the scenario? We have all the proof but if the congress fails to act what happens next?
1 ,Karanataka elections results  Congress. :126 to . And BJP :51to . Nd JDS :21th
1 , If the Country is not safe under Nationalist BJP's hands, lets hand it over to Italian National CONgress where the Seniorna
0 , Italian Meatballs where brilliantly nakeds media stooges congis n chinese gandhis n assures there is nothing  s
1 ,Out of major parties- Shiv Sena, BJP, Nav Nirman Sena, Cong n AIMIM
1 , There is a non-bailable warrant against RR Nagar Congress MLA, Munirathna, in the fake voter ID case. But he's present at a
1 , Congress denied any chances of stitching an alliance with the Janata Dal (Secular) post-Karnataka Assembly polls to come to  s
1 ,Fine with Dalit chief minsiter if Congress says so Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah - Times of India
0 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with an p?
1 ,What are your favorite YouTube channels? Pewdiepie, Cong Tv, Bangtan TV, and ibighit HAHAHA $NUMBE s
1 ,However, why is CONGRESS not finding any
1 ,If Cong wins,win because of siddaramaiah
1 ,If Cong losses,loss because if RG
1 , Report Secret Source Who Aided Mueller Probe Is Deemed Off Limits To Congress
0 , All three states he mentioned are non bjp Govt... why did this Pappu ask his wo
0 , How does BJP &amp; Congress fund its party &amp; election machinery? Regional parties too will have to do the sbe
1 ,Center IB Gives Thumbs up to Congress c
1 , Rahul - I am proud of you. This is the treatment Indian nationals deservll
1 , Rahul Dravid and his beautiful drives !!
1 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Con-p s
0 , BJP is the new Congress. Will do whatever it takes to stay in power. Like their supporters, no principles le
1 , Showing how Congress's governance is inspiring far reaching changes,Sangatpur sarpanch Sh.Sarbjit Singh&amp;his supporters joine
1 , We can understand if channels like pidi ,cong mouthpiece dont do a prog on
1 , Before the counting day, my th sense tells me, BJP will get a comfortable majority on its own and will not have to depend
1 , Dear Congress This Time in Karnataka % of Muslim, Dalit, Christian and obc Community's are Voted only for not
1 , This traitor should be, at minimum, eelled from Congress. Thay the Speaker is enabling, weaponizing and shielding him i
0 ,Actually Amit Malpua's govt first they will take permissions from Rahul Gandhi...becoz
1 ,We need to get rid of all of the senators and congress
1 , Arrange King Al Saud To Finance And Operate The Border Wall; Forty Years Of Tolls As Compensation? FUCK CONGRESS; CHEAP
1 , Absolutely Bibi! Congress will be kicked where it hurts most! Your prayers will certainly be answered!
1 ,Why Karnataka exit polls fail to agree ???
1 ,Six predicting that BJP will be the single largest party, three are vo
1 ,hired lobbyists to sway Congress on gun control.
1 ,Then why you or congress party hesitating to file FIR agains
1 , You cant get more corporate than Bernie. He sits in congress, hides his
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks liby
1 ,At the National Achievers Congress with Sharon Curl. A day of learning
0 ,Indeed, if BJP crosses tomorrow... I fear we will see Deve Gowda with Congress in no time in a bid to save "secularism s
1 , Get your very own limited edition Science Mayday poster by comic artist &amp; help send me to Congress! Will
1 , Why Karnataka exit polls fail to agree ???
1 ,Six predicting that BJP will be the single largest party, three are vouching for
1 , President of Nepali Congress and former Prime Minister Mr. Sher Bahadur Deuba and other members of the Nepali Congress cal
1 , Congress eecting to win elections be like
0 , Buzz from less privileged voters in Bangalore is a bigger Congress vote in their areas than . My cook tells me ground lev
1 , dies June thending the Internet as we know itunless Congress passes the CRA resolution blocking tll
0 ,And she thinks Rahul Gandhi will investigate????
1 ,Poor, uneducated gor congress and rich, educated for bjp
1 ,NEWS UPDATE  Local Government Congressiscordant Tunes Emanate From Rival Camps In Imo APC
1 , Congress should also be banned for aiding, abetting and encouraging Pakistan
0 ,They only care about regaining power in CongreR$
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoorfy
1 , I'm working every day to make sure this is Nunes's last term in Congress. Join my fight!
1 ,Why hasn't a dormitory for Congress been considered? Would think that private industry building furnished s
1 , After you , call your member of Congress, cuz is lobbying tooth and nail to kill , and t
1 ,Delighted to announce the endorsement of me for Congress by the Texas Association of Conservative Patriots
0 , Wow..Defence Minister thinks Rahul Gandhi is Prime Minister of India and asks him to investigate the wealth of P Chidambaram s
1 ,Anchor attacks Rahul for losing all elections one after the other. $
0 , My piece in the ToI today Congress' Liberalism not Secularism Main Opposition to BJP
1 , Honourable knows Modi always sides with Corrupts like Nirav Modi, Mehul Bhai etc and have no hopes from him, er
1 ,You mean country safe in Rahul congress hand ? $NUMBER$
1 , All party leaders in AP have Congress roots... Chandra Babu ,jagan and Kanna, while Congress president raghuveera has BJP
1 , This is a horrible idea and every member of Congress associated with it should lose next electioia
1 ,. The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death of any of the
1 , Congress only alternative is state, centre  MP Deepender Singh Hoo s
1 , Nepal Folklore Society deserves appreciation for successfully hosting th Folklore Congress in Kathmandu with participatio
1 , Today's Deccan Chronicle has at least articles predicting doom and gloom for Cong.
1 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think of!ng
1 ,Why didn't he say this earlier ? It seems, he knows congress is losing k'taka election badlon
1 ,Only $NUMBER$ person in Congress is responsible for the disaster &amp; distroy of party .... Cong top leaders
1 ,They grew because they served well. Congress never wanted India to think beyon
1 , It is time to ee Congress support for Naxal movement in India for which many Indian, family and Arm force
1 ,Wow !! This is a big slap on Congress who keep blaming EVMs in every election
1 ,MEK is Ahmad Chalabis Iraqi National Congress . We've done this before
0 , Indeed, if BJP crosses tomorrow... I fear we will see Deve Gowda with Congress in no time in a bid to save
1 ,Present attempt by Modi Govt is better than most of the earlier inclusive tamasha tried
1 , WE HAVE A BROKEN BUDGET PROCESS THAT CONGRESS FAILS TO ENFORCE. No Budget No Recess
0 , Gujarat to Karnataka How Congress upped social media game - Times of India! d
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks liaw
1 ,It seems you are still under influence of marijuana, freely distributed by pappu pager. Remember n
1 ,Jeff Ballinger is determined to get the money out of politics. That's why he decided to run for congress!
0 , Even Amitbhai is appealing to the people of Karnataka to vote for Congress.
0 , In MP, Congress has its own wave. $NUMBER$ workers have already joined Congress &amp; most of them are the people who mattes.
1 , Omar Navarro Is Endorsed By Carl DeMaio for Congress
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks liet
0 , Italian Meatballs where brilliantly nakeds media stooges congis n chinese gandhis n assures there is nothing in
1 ,Net Neutrality We only need ONE more vote. Call Congress! Find your representative by zip code here:
1 , News websites, TV channels air fake Suvarna News exit poll... Is it because the fake exit poll showed Congress in the le
1 , K~ se Karnataka mein K~ se Kamal khilana taye hai
0 ,Majority came or not, BJP form government and End of Congr
0 ,I'm sure John has not one clue how a bill is even passed in congress, yet thinks his cents matters
1 , If popat Pappu Italian mother n pilot father r not married we didn't get joker like pappu n your parents r not
1 , Our Congress is mentally il.c
1 , "Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi should initiate an investigation against Mr. P Chidambram by ordering CBI" ~ Defence Min c
1 , I learn that some elements of WB BJP are not averse to undisclosed seat adjustment with with Communists to defeat Trinamul Con
1 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provides f $
0 ,No plan. donald don't care. The US has no congress. We are doomed to a dictator. VOTE DAMN IT!
1 ,Why is no one in congress stopping another Operation Ajax? Why is it not referenced as
1 ,BJP-100, Congress-90,JDU-30, Others-2
1 ,Everyone is doing the job that Congress is being paid to do better than them.
1 ,Met a homeless man on south Congress street, had a guitar case but nothing to eat.
0 ,If at all Cong wins the Elections, The BLR Devepmnt Minister who is from BLR must be Made the CM &amp; not othersda
1 , Dear Shiv Sena, can you ask this to be election promise by Rahul Gandhi? You are going to support his PM ship anyways. https
1 , If Congress gets majority , we need as a CM
1 ,So Congress was made up only one Person?
0 ,Congress needs to fix the law . Laws now are too soft on criminals
1 ,Anchor attacks Rahul for losing all elections one after the other.te
0 ,Oh yeah, they get paid through library of congress.
1 ,He got the Purple Heart, an Airman Achievement medal, news press and a seat at Congress for a hearing. He met the P $NUMBER$
1 , India not safe in BJP's hands as nation cannot be 'built on divides' Shashi Tharoor - The Indian Eress
0 , People asks Modi whether he will investigate , 's , Jay Shah money matters?
1 , The Congress needs to do something about this. We need high skilled people. They a
1 , The faith I may have had in our Government Agencies and CONGRESS has flown right out the window. the unpredictabilit
1 ,Wake Up Hindus! For a developed India, people like Tharoor, Pappu. Mamata, Mulayams, Lalus &amp; Communists s
1 , Jumla yes thats correct , congress claims to have electrified % of villages. By definition only %
0 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Congrep?
1 , Net Neutrality We only need ONE more vote. Call Congress! Find your representative by zip code here:
1 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with foll
0 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with an or
1 , Spineless lawmakers like who are bought and paid for by the gun lobby have no place in Congress.
1 ,Best defense Minister ever she defends bjp.
1 ,The buzz in Karachi is that Chidambaram ji will quit congress and join an infamous fugitive from Mumbai now in Paki
1 ,No devision, only congress have to lrave India remaining automatically improve
1 ,Thus what u mean is that "Congress in short stands for/believes in Slavery to perpetuate a family regime".
1 , The buzz in Karachi is that Chidambaram ji will quit congress and join an infamous fugitive from Mumbai now in Pakistan to hel
1 ,The world's only coastal city at feet above the sea level, thanks to bad governance of Congr
1 ,spank me if I care! Whatever Mueller finds, Spanky's corrupt Congress will cover it up $NUMBEs.
1 , BJP, Congress spar over P Chidambaram's 'undeclared' assets
1 , I attract anger from Mr Modi, because he sees a threat from me Congress President htt
0 , I cant understand why the majority of people in congress continue to do things in bad faith. They ca
1 , The statement 'Election Hindu' is a demonstration of how they view their religion. I don't view my religion like that Congre
1 ,Wake Up Hindus! For a developed India, people like Tharoor, Pappu. Mamata, $NUMBER$
1 ,When does the moment occur that Rosenstein goes in front of Congress to say he's not releasing the Mueller Invensti
0 ,he doesnt have to go to congress. He is the leader of the military and diplomatic areas of the government.
0 ,Karnataka's $NUMBER$% turnout is all time record!
1 , For a true artist, audience at best is paraphernalia.Once she closes her eyes &amp; delves deep into music,esp Carnatic&amp;Hindu
1 ,The Congress has reached the level where dump immediately is the quickest decision in cleaning India" u
1 ,Congressman Cohen is a proven leader in the United States Congress and a strong voice for Tennessee u
1 ,Congress aims to force Pentagon reform on open burning of munitions
1 , As per most of the , neither BJP nor Congress, it would be Amit Shah in Karnataka.
1 ,Wake Up Hindus! For a developed India, people like Tharoor, Pappu. Mamata, Mulayams, Lalus &amp; Communists $NUMBER$
1 , yes, it is safe in the hands of corrupt congress whose leader shed tears on the killing of terrorists
0 , Karnataka's $NUMBER$% turnout is all time record!
0 ,Youth doesn't want its out of power congress want back power any how
1 , Ive said it before and Ill say it again. I eect that there will be members of Congress indicted in the Mueller Probe e.
1 ,Your really going to run for Congress? Good luck with that.
0 ,s week, one really important story got buried. t a plan to Congress calling for a $
0 , The real story of Karnataka might not be in Caste/Religion though. They are on eected lines. But the Age matrix of Karnat
1 , Why Karnataka exit polls fail to agree ?r Ar
1 ,This man seems to think it is fundamental right to play hide and seek in income tax matters ! Well done, Cong
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks were
1 ,Voted for our transportation Bill in Congress for the funding of transportation to from our jobs in big city of traveling personal caress!
1 , One More Raid! One more Cash Mountain found with DK Shivakumar. Nobody a word about him to karnataka CM or Rahul Gandhi.
1 ,Like your AI predicted + for congress? You are a mill
0 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inism.
1 ,Congressman Cohen is a proven leader in the United States Congress and a strong voice for Tennessee
1 , Why Media and Bollywood Supports Corrupt Regime of Congress?
1 , The mans absolutely right! This was a horrible deal. The deal never passed by Congress because no
1 , Hindus are not safe in Christian Rahul's Congress' hands
1 , Serving in Congress is an honor, not a career. The Founding Fathers envisioned citizen legislators should serve their ax s
0 ,Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" i
0 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" in the
1 , Marta Rivera de la Cruz, currently a member of the Spanish Congress of Deputies from the Ciudadanos party, in a inter
0 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inCong
1 , The most dangerous person in Congress:
0 , Congress did nothing in years.to d
1 ,Wake Up Hindus! For a developed India, people like Tharoor, Pappu. Mamata, Mulayams, Lican
0 ,Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" i D
1 ,And then what? Congress won't impeach, he won't resign. I haven't seen any e
0 , Congress did nothing in years.nvoy
1 ,Dishonest to Congress about cover-up of torture program
0 ,Wondering how Modi manages to win every election? We list out the reasons for his near perfect record
1 ,Its long past time for congress to repeal the Dickey Amendment and consider common sense reforms based on actual s
1 , North east of India remained neglected by all congress Govt only BJP cared the facts are here,
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks wyer
1 ,Report to Congress on Artificial Intelligence and National Security ... - USNI News
0 ,Media during Congress UPA rule had almost become part of government when likes of Barkha Datt arranging portofolios
1 ,StevenJHarper1 The most dangerous person in Congress DevinNunes
1 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with evid
1 ,Because of the leadership of Congress Ajmal Kasaab happened... understand this Mr. Intelligent...!!!
0 , If there's anyone whom I can idolize in cricket, after Rahul Dravid, I look no further than Kane Williamsoliff
1 , There are the six evils that the Congress has brought on the nation - Congress culture - Communalism, Casteism, Crime,
1 , Heres Pinocchio on steroids, if his mouth is moving he is lying. My popcorn is ready for his hearing with Congresoday
0 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inion.
1 , Congress *Passes a Bill* Ronald Reagan:
1 , When does the moment occur that Rosenstein goes in front of Congress to say he's not releasing the Mueller Invenstigation
1 ,MUST get her elected to Congress!! Please donate as she
1 ,This is something I wrote &amp; sent to when the Congress was addressing DACA...It
1 ,On congress ticket only.We are not interested in him.He has lost his mental stat Coh
1 , LIVE Congress President Rahul Gandhi addresses a gathering in Bengaluru.
1 ,Congress President Rahul Gandhi, who is himself out on bail should come out and tell us if he is going to investiga
1 , Shame on PM Rahul that he has not investigated till now. Senior Opposition leader Sitharaman ji is right
1 , Live on at pm on whether Rahul Gandhi will pass the when it comes to - Rahax s
1 , There seems to have been a misunderstanding. The election results have not yet been announced and even if Congress wins, t
1 ,Modi's Rafale deal-a loss of ,632 Cr.
1 , Congress aims to force Pentagon reform on open burning of munitions
0 , If you want Maxine Waters out of Congress and in retirement. Donate to the campaign at andress
1 , Modi's critic Kashmiri Muslim comes out in defence of Modi's Mother when A Hindu critic writes something derogatoout!
1 , I really hope Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi acts on this very logical demand from the opposition party.
1 , Very little would be dangerous about the congress performing their oversight function unless you have been behaving
1 ,Country will not safe under congress rule specially under Rahul Chidambaram Tharoor and other looter
0 ,Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" i $NUM Con
1 ,After this incident are you going to appreciate/ Thank Uber or Congress Govt d s
0 ,Shashi tharoor says BJP is not fit for country to rule then who Congress, g,cwg,coal,Adarsh, Augusta and so on, b
1 , The buzz in Karachi is that Chidambaram ji will quit congress and join an infamous fugitive from Mumbai now in Pakistan totaka
1 , No pay for Congress until they figure it out
1 ,In the Congress Govt BPO /CALL CENTRE provided job opportunities.
0 , If there is one party that has destroyed the spirit of our Constitution, it is the Congress. They do not want rule of democra
1 ,After Nawaz Sharif's confession Congress and its leaders owe an apology to RSS and the nation for floating their fa
0 ,CBN was from congress. Yes, how many parties were active in early s ? But look at kanna, was a product of woress?
1 , Absolute Must Watch This press conference of Rahul Gandhi. An eye opener for people who call him Pappu. He calmly, coherent
1 , A record number of women are running for Congress, but many face crowded primaries and tough incumbents. $NUMBER$
1 , Will Congress President Rahul Gandhi investigate this? It can't be an oversight. How can P. Chidambaram forget to discloax s
0 , Under Congress govt, grew at % annually, per capita income grew by % (as against the national growth of %).
0 , ...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow of D
1 ,Shame on you...how long you promote "Fake News" against RSS? You are part of biggax s
1 , Wake Up Hindus! For a developed India, people like Tharoor, Pappu. Mamata, Mulayams, Lalus &amp; Communists should
1 , Modi wave has completely collapsed'
1 ,The strange thing about the is that the looks more like Congr
0 , More fake news. Never was a treaty. Congress never approved this action which is really odd since they did not authorize
1 ,WHAT AJIMOBI TOLD WINNERS OF OYO LL ELECTIONS, APC CONGRESS
1 , Rahul Gandhi had worked hard and he could impress most of the people. If Congress still loses Karnataka, blame should lie
1 ,No may be paid by Congress and/ or opposition partiesax s
1 ,No consistent numbers from and both BJP and Congress are confident to form their govt.
0 , RT He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything ereCong
0 ,Sen. Chiz Escudero and Cong. Evie Escudero cast their vote at precint number -A in Buhatan Integrated National
0 , Media during Congress UPA rule had almost become part of government when likes of Barkha Datt arranging portofolios of ontill
1 , Center IB Gives Thumbs up to Congress c
1 , They Can't Even Manage A Marriage Ceremony And Dreaming To Manage Entire Country By Extending Support To Rahul Gandhie by
1 , For , we joined + orgs in calling on Congress to by passing HR / S . Maternal mortaVoEStion
0 , Today in , US Congress declares war against Mexico to protect the new State of Texas.
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks EO).
0 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inax s
1 , Serving in Congress is an honor, not a career. The Founding Fathers envisioned citizen legislators should serve their till
1 ,we all know about this but the congress volunteers are katttar congressis they not eve
1 ,He should tell this to congress
1 , Without a single female doctor in Congress, it's no wonder so many politicians think they can "mansplain" healthcare to u
0 ,Id vote for her if she were a NC candidate. Hope she is successful. We can use that spirit in Congress.
1 , A group of Chimpanzees is a Congress.
1 ,Peoples Congress is like all dictatorial argument against conception, as a religtill
1 ,BJP Leaders Are Tensed On Poll Results &amp; , But Yeddyurappa Is Confident On Taking Oath As kids
1 ,Congress to revisit eanded spy law next week $NUMBER$
0 , Media during Congress UPA rule had almost become part of government when likes of Barkha Datt arranging portofolios of choi
1 , If the Country is not safe under Nationalist BJP's hands, lets hand it over to Italian National CONgress where the SeniDEO)
0 ,/11 was carried out by Congress supporters. Busted!!
1 , Why wasnt James Clapper charged with lying to Congress? Whats up with our multi tiered justice sysax s
1 , Yogis Campaign in Karnataka was a damp squib,but Storms UP and Steals Hearts in Lucknow, City of Nawabs. ht
0 , Congress did nothing in years. Day
0 , This day last year I was debating on the final decision to run for Congress. I was sitting beside my moms hospital bed
1 , Tabish Khair is right. The peculiar sort of meanness directed at Rahul Gandhi is actually plain and simple RACISM with aax s
1 , Our Congress is mentally /t.c
1 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never providesdo w
1 ,That omnibus was on Congress. He signed it for HIS
0 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inumy?
1 , Why wasnt James Clapper charged with lying to Congress? Whats up with our multi tiered justice system?
1 , We need your help to flip Congress Blue. In , women, people of color, &amp; first time candidates are stepping up to, he
1 , The economy is good, mostly because a small minority in Congress had thwarted Clinton's kookiest schemes, but now a liber
1 ,Is Rohit Sharma's string of failures under his belt, another Raul Pappu? Cc
1 , Congress party is the first political party in India to launch an online crowdfunding campaign to bring in transparency
1 , Tell Congress what you think about change! Are you worried? Want them to act? Use our online tool to identify
0 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inoris
0 , Trinamool Congress panchayet is voting for bringing gunda army from benglaNavy
0 , CBN was from congress. Yes, how many parties were active in early s ? But look at kanna, was a product of worst cong
1 , In the s, was ,000 a year. But, Congress doubled the number by the s. Since , the number has aver
1 , Women voters in Karnataka prefer Congress over BJP, reveals India Today-Axis My India exit poll
1 ,U can choose ur poll depending on your preference of BJP winning or Congress or a hun
0 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inding
1 , On This Day.  At James K. Polks urging, Congress approved a declaration of war against Mexico. The Mexican-Americ
1 ,Chidambaram,s matter is only tip of iceberg ! Scratch any Congress leader after Indira Gandhi,s govern
1 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied ConESe of
1 ,And let Congress too understand that supporting Muslims from Pakistani is no benchmark of
1 ,The Congress should go home and stay there We the People would do better without them fucking up our liesha
1 ,The idiots running for Congress in PA are actu
1 , Tabish Khair is right. The peculiar sort of meanness directed at Rahul Gandhi is actually plain and simple RACISM with aess.
1 , Its long past time for congress to repeal the Dickey Amendment and consider common sense reforms based on actual science
0 ,want to port in to assist you further Rahul(2/2)
1 ,Hello &amp; thanks for the follow. No worries, just surf that huge Blue Wave right into Congress &amp; flush th
1 ,How could it be that this Congress is saying I know what lets do, lets make it easier for big
1 , There are modes in a mobile phone, work mode, speaker mode &amp; airplane mode. Modi Ji only uses speaker mode &amp; airplane mode, he n
1 ,Yes its possible in BJP thats why we see an increase in thuggery, rape, lies, h
1 ,Mlc it's interesting as with earlier majority cong could gets its members selectes
1 ,*Dr. Hassan Ayariga*, Leader /Founder of the All Peoples Congress (APC) interacted with some Ghanaians, incluttps
1 ,Actually, Rick, your wrong. Congress cannot make laws to keep Christianity out of state.
1 ,PM Modi Must Resign On Moral Grounds.
1 ,IPLXI Top batsman - Rahul(WK),Butler (WK),Pant(WK),Williamson,Karthik/Sanju /Ishan Kishan (WK),Dhoni(WK) . NoDone
1 , Everyone is doing the job that Congress is being paid to do better than tax s
0 , People know that if Congress wins in Karnataka it will be due to Siddu ji who is a strong rooted to leader like Amrinde
0 ,Please don't let Congress pass a minimum wage increase. All it will do is what it has always done. Prices on
1 ,Abe pappu.....You are not even competent to become corporator.....Your qualification is only C
1 , Retweeted Karnataka Congress ():
1 ,"I would like PM Modi to visit Indira Canteens in Karnataka and replicate
0 , In part two of this article, Im sharing my between the lines insights on what Congressional staff say are the mo
1 ,There comes a time when Congress members need to be on the job just as in any civilian job. If McCa
1 ,Rahul also has some frustration dilse
0 ,Rcb thinks that sarfraz is better than Rahul.
1 , Why will Rahul Gandhi investigate? Is he heading the Gax s
0 , If Rahul Gandhi's Indian National Congress a/k/a the Grand Old Party wins Karnataka, in the face of a viciously pol Con
0 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" in all
1 , Bibi who testified before Congress that there were nonexistent WMDs.
1 ,FWIW, in their endorsements, Esquire called him one of the best members of Congress.
1 , Yes its possible in BJP thats why we see an increase in thuggery, rape, lies, hate speeche
1 ,I approve of waterboarding congress, start with Maxine, then Lindsay then chuck
0 ,Maa Mahalakshmi will bless the people of Karnataka with Cong retaining power.
0 ,I'm running for congress next year
1 ,The frequency of bacterial infections in community is accelerando ( Eguia and Congress, ; Wb, ) and has bee
1 , Congress trending First find Rahul Gandhi after results
0 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" in law
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides:
1 ,Siddaramaiah says this will be his last election, OK if Congress picks
1 ,That was always known..same with pappu account..it dsnt represent who they r..contrast it with modi-same in virtud hem.
0 , With all of this information dripping out, we dont hear a peep from congress. Where's the outrage in Congress regarding s
1 ,C Mahesh bhat,a Jehadi with Hindu name, n congress anti national's, defaming RSS.Sue them.
1 ,India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides:
1 ,No, he doesnt! Similar to the senator who walked into Congress with snow in his hand and said Clim u
0 ,if u get time from Nehruji and Congress, pay attention on Ganga. It flow after Banaras also.
1 , Congress President leads a protest against fuel price rise in Kolar. https:/
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks ge d
1 , All India Trinamool Congress (TMC) worker Anarul Mita suffered bullet injuries in an attack in Cooch Behar's Dinhata, admittetill
0 ,Why and mr kuch bhi didnt cast there vote . Then congress party keep t
1 ,KXIP depending on Rahul's batting
1 , Listen mr its bcoz of congress love for muslim bds n modi's promise of wiping out bangladeshis if they o ha
0 , I'm running for congress next year
1 ,JORDAN - NOW CONGRESS AND JUDICIARY WANT TO SEE WHAT SESSIONS IS HIDING
1 ,No, rahul was undoubtedly the first choice for RTM but he went for cr which RCB couldn't afford f
1 ,"Chidambaram has foreign assets and hence Rahul must investigate"
1 ,However, why is CONGRESS not finding any of this?
1 , When BJP said congress mukt Bharat, they meant to replace congress party not congressi traditions a
0 ,Bhatt's son was best friend of Headley, The Congress government in the centre and State let him go.
1 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Con one
1 , Congress HAS NEVER improved itselt; it only gets WORSE and WORSE.
1 ,are ? Hardly. They controlled the Presidency and Congress in and we still d
1 ,sir is dalit CM playing card with JDS??? Is it congress not getting majority???
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks ve..
0 ,After realizing that Pappu can't do it, Pidi journos are trying to prop up ahead ax s
1 ,Awkward. Seeing someone who is actively running for Congress jay-walk with his wife and glanced at behind them prio
1 ,Congress refused to give him permission to take military action. They refused to even take a vote.
1 , d8bed679-b633-4397-8936-5a98072fCong
0 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with atill
1 ,If pro and con are opposites, wouldn't the opposite of progress be.... Congress?
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks e by
1 ,Congress conducted Free &amp; Fair Polls and brought J&amp;K to mainstream Indian Polity many times .., NaMo j
1 , MASSIVE VOTING IN RURAL KARNATAKA DROUGHT, FARMER DISTRESS going to finish off CONGRESS
0 , Narendra Modi does not want us to judge him on basis of failed Demonetization &amp; sloppy GST of but he wants us to judge
1 ,Congress party is a gang of corrupt leaders. How can Rahul Gandhi take action against Chidambaram?
1 , I don't give a crap about any terrorist! Congress should ask the survivors of $NUMBER$, and the family members of the victims if T
1 , submitting the smell of hot topic, which has remained the same for + years, to the library of congress
1 ,The agenda of congressake all beggers running for alms .be a laze not an entrepreneur .Congress is an evil C
0 ,Someone needs to shake him and make him realise that Congress is not THE country.
0 , I received this amazing video from my friend in Karnataka please watch how much people love our PM ji althou
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Thaax s
1 , Surprise feedbacks - Gulbarga North where both Cong &amp; JDS have minority candidate, apparently Muslims have gone with JDS.. Go
1 , Maxine Waters is so mentally challenged that I think many in Congress are embarrassed by her &amp; none will criticize her fo
0 ,I think it will be pathetic for NDTV not for Karnataka people
1 , Congress HAS NEVER improved itselt; it only gets WORSE and WORSder.
1 , This Watto-Ruyudu partnership is now the HIGHEST OPENING STAND for the season going past the between Rahul &amp; Gayle vs KKR
1 ,Bhai after your decision leaving the corrupt congress, your mother would have been filled with pride a
1 , DPCC President Shri. addresses the Media after Delhi Congress Massive Workers Candle March against CCTV Scam OWORK
1 , college board how can congress stop a presidential veto me MaKe It A GoOd BiLl? https:/
0 , Congress did nothing in years.S RT
1 , I'm not a fan of any political party but to be fair, till , Rahul Gandhi was considered as a joke &amp; Narendra Modi
0 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" infurt
1 ,Say e.g in Congress comes back to powes is
0 ,My friend, Its true that violence against Hindus &amp; even Sikhs happened in Punjab but they were gi
1 , Ex-Comrade writes in Weekly Party Congress turns into Congress Party
0 , Congress did nothing in years.s.
1 , JC , Rayapati etc are all senior congress members for almost + years. They jumped the wall and became MPs. of tax s
1 , When the campaign started, congress claimed PM modi ji as an import, and finished the
1 , As per the trends, Congress is going to sweep Bangalore with the help of Telugu/Tamil/Mallu voters.
1 ,Fine with Dalit chief minsiter if Congress says so Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah via
1 ,Phonological Awareness is listed by Congress as the first Essential Component of Reading Instruction (ECORI) in ID
1 , Among three big elections this year, Karnataka was the most tough, if congress pulls out this one, Rajasthan &amp; MP would be a
1 , Massive E Mangaluru church attack story was planned &amp; executed by Congress.
1 ,Hindus &amp; Xtians lived peacefully si
1 ,The Benue State Chairman of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Abba Yaro, has been commended fo
0 , Thanks for the support Rusty! Those who want to help send a real gun violence prevention champion to Congress to stand ELD!
0 , BJP asks Congress President whether he will investigate 's foreign assr Ar
1 ,Like how you left sandalwood to become a head of Congress IT c
1 ,Dz book released by Cong leader Digvijag Singh claim it's RSS behind it.Y Pak worry? C
1 ,The justice dept is stonewalling Congress. Back in the s when you were born
1 ,You need not worry Sir. You are always in the ruling front, whether it is Congress , BJP, or even the communists.Your berth is always booked
1 , Under UPA it offered us Saffron Terror and tried to prove Hindus as terrorists.
1 , No, rahul was undoubtedly the first choice for RTM but he went for cr which RCB couldn't afford for anoth
0 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" in and
1 ,Theory we dont send our best to Congress; we send our Devin Nuneses
1 , "Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi should initiate an investigation against Mr. P Chidambram by ordering CBI" ~ Defence Mnate
1 ,WHAT AJIMOBI TOLD WINNERS OF OYO LL ELECTIONS, APCCONGRESS $NUMBER$
1 , At last our Pappu launched "Potato to Gold" machine before
0 ,BJP gonna form the govt let sidda plan what ever he can.. But like the Song Pappu can't Dance S...
1 , In a parallel universe, Congress is grilling Tom from MySpace about your Top friends right ax s
0 , PRESS RELEASE! !!!!! IMO state APC LGA congress to hold on Monday th May
1 , "Saffronized Police Of Karnataka" in a Congress ruled state.
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks ess.
0 , Rofl! It was because of Congress that they could enter our country unnoticed.
1 , DPCC President Shri. addresses the Media after Delhi Congress Massive Workers Candle March against CCTV Scam ONavy
0 , PM Modi should tell the people of Karnataka about his plans for the state. Personal attacks won't win him votes  Congress Pr
0 , How many bills have you passed in your years in Congress? Ive heard ...
1 , If it is for JDS as shown by Modi media, then take it for granted it is landslide for Congress
1 ,is running for Congress (8th District).
0 , Karnataka poll , every one rush to the polling stations and cast your vote . Poll in Karnataka will take its toll on Cong
0 , When Congress wants to override your vetoes
1 ,A Letter From a Virginian To The Members of Congress To Be Held At Philadelphia The First Of September , Pres
1 ,RR Nagar Congress Police registered a criminal case agsint Congress sitting MLA &amp; RR Nagarcandi
1 , Voting for seats begins, all eyes on BJP vs Congress vs Jnair
1 , But Congress leaders viewed it as saffron terror &amp; released a book ason
1 ,CONGRESS DEMAK KE TARAHA DESH KO C
1 ,Ali Wakili, an All Progressives Congress (APC)
1 ,safe in d hands thieves and murderer. safe in d hands of corrupt chidambram pappu and kies wt a s, o
0 , Rofl! It was because of Congress that they could enter our country unnotiax s
0 , First stop calling him Political Analyst. He is a unlisted Congress spokesperson.
1 ,Report to Congress on Artificial Intelligence and National Security - USNI News
0 , Wouldn't it be nice if Congress did the same? MAGAtill
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor The Indian Eress
0 , , so this joker wants to say that Ajmal was caught by Sonia and rahul. Wow. Chatukarita at its best.
1 , All Votes At This Bengaluru Booth Go Only To 'Lotus', Tweets Congress Man D
1 , North east of India remained neglected by all congress Govt only BJP cared the facts are hs me
1 ,how is M consolidating in favour of Cong then?
1 ,Gandhi was jaichand of that time he couldnt fight against jinnah for sack of congress thats why
1 , One Crore twenty two lac Unaccounted Cash seized from Car .. PA to Congress RV Deshpande Karnataka says on oath that he Co
0 , (1) Ajmal Kasab was caught by Shaeed Constable Tukaram and not by Congress party Tehseen. That he wacut.
1 , People at the doors this week have asked what I will prioritize in Congress. Fighting for affordable prescription drug
0 , Will you for vote Rahul Gandhi as Psary
1 , For those who can't decide between BJP and Congress!
1 ,Clashes break out between Congress and BJP workers in Hampi Nagar, Cops to
1 ,HOW THIS IDIOT REMAINS IN CONGRESS, I'LL NEVER KNOW! ENJOY THIS SHORT TRIP DOWN WATERS MEMORY LANE :Reclaiming Her
1 , Congress only alternative is state, centre  MP Deepender Singh Hax s
1 , More than Cong,BJP,Rahul or Modi... Todays Chanakya prestige on stake now...Hit on th...Will re-establish again afte
1 , When congress and BJP attack each other.
0 ,Why did you do something about drug cost when yall had the Congress. To busy Lizram.
1 , The clock is ticking to save ! Send a message to Congress by signing our petition at and
1 ,The cheek congress from knowing there are more who share the blame and those will nev
1 ,'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family U via
1 , "Chidambaram has foreign assets and hence Rahul must investigate"
1 , How many innocent Sikhs were killed by Congress goons in Delhi. How many Kashmiri Pandit were killed
1 , DPCC President Shri. addresses the Media after Delhi Congress Massive Workers Candle March against CCTV Scam Open?
1 , "Why didn't Congress meet Bhagat Singh in Jail?"
1 ,"Why didn't Congress make Patel tax s
1 , As a scientist and medical researcher, I know our healthcare system inside and out. In Congress, Ill be a champion fo
1 ,Congress and Pakistan are walking straight into a trar Ar
1 ,When the attorney for an adult film actress is doing more to investigate the attack on the republic than all congre
1 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with  Con
1 ,That's what Congress politics is all about,.... post independence ?
1 , The great Congress IT cell head Ramya and great FoS champion Prakash Raj skip from casting their votes!
1 ,Investigation of it's members is none of BJP's business.
1 ,On /May2018,at GUBBI GATE Junction,TUMKUR CONGRESS TEAM HAD A ROADSHOW ALONG WITH THEIR PAKISTANI FRIENDS FROM AL
1 , Rashtravadi channels along the likes of BC will show BJP as winnins me
0 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" in it.
0 ,Did an end-run around the people and congres
1 , Mindblowing analysis by a Bangalorean!!! Why should Congress lose the Karnataka elections in ?onax s
1 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never providestill
1 ,Then why does the first amendment specifically prohibit Congress from making a law respecting an establishment
1 ,QUINT I FOLLOW YOU TO HEAR U BAD MOUTHING MODI JI AND BJP AND PRAISING MAHARAJAH SHER DIL HINDUSTAAN KE S
1 ,Congress Talks Blockchains TransformativePotential CC
1 ,You didnt get any Minister portfolio , hence being a BJP MP advocating for congress pres
0 , Dear old timers in BJP, by the time elx are over, your party may behave and look more Cong than Cong ever was, and mos
0 , With all of this information dripping out, we dont hear a peep from congress. Where's the outrage in Congress regardiide.
1 , Rashtravadi channels along the likes of BC will show BJP as winning.
1 ,Make no mistakeIt's Advantage Congress
1 ,Sirwho got the safest hands?? Sonia Gandhi? Rahul Gandhi? Chidambaram? You? Deve Gowda? Mamata Banerj
0 ,HDK in Singapore meeting. Maino deal man working on it. JDS will join Congress if Sidax s
1 , "Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi should initiate an investigation against Mr. P Chidambram by ordering CBI" ~ Defence Mber!
0 ,Congress alleges scam in Delhi government's CCTV camera project, says AAP compromised national security by ... - $NUMDEO)
0 , Gujarat to Karnataka How Congress upped social media game - Times of India
0 , murders over k babies every single year &amp; Congress is bashing Gina about Waterboarding Terror
1 , How Hong Kong's legislature is turning into a 'loyal', 'patrotic' mini-National People's Congress $NUMBER$
1 , my friend rahul and her wife shuruti
0 ,Non sense . I pray Tomorrow people of Karnataka reject this corrupt go
1 , Watch how Pakistani flag shown and Pakistan Zindabad Slogans Raised in Congress Candidate Feroz Saits rally at North Be
1 ,Paswan mocks Rahul's PM remark, says no vacancy in - Economic Times
1 ,Congress not safe in pappus hand!
1 ,Cows not safe in Congress rule land!
1 , Muslim Maulana Appealed Muslims of Karnataka to Vote against BJP in assembly elections. Congress is trying to create com
1 ,Ajmal kasab was cought by a brave police guy while rahul gandhi was busy doing party .... It is shameful that ING!
1 ,Freak show swimming in the swamp You know youre witnessing peak douhebaggery when a member of Congre
1 , Rahul - I am proud of you. This is the treatment Indian nationals dese law
1 , This is being done to prevent leaks. The 'white hats' know much of the leaking is being done by congressional staffThey
1 , Unlike BJP, Congress doesnt hit below the belt Divya Spandana !
0 ,Almost years of Congress rule is the reason for the pathetic conditions of Inn ?"
0 , Karma is knocking on BJP's door. Karnataka will prove that on th. The lie Lama's lies are not selling as ppl want jobs
1 , Congress aims to force Pentagon reform on open burning of munitn at
0 ,Exactly! Before two years Rahul was nothing, then bjp started deploying minis
1 ,Absolutely pathetic political mindset from CM of Karnataka. Ministerial post should not be subjected to castesim. mus
1 ,State and central intelligence agencies given to Congress and tough seats between INC vs BJP and INC vs till
0 , Im running for Congress because Im an Alabamian who understands the people of Alabama. From being born to teen pax s
1 , Without action from Congress, net neutrality is set to end on Juax s
0 , DROPPED BEHIND for eight years by a pessimistic Congress, the Sangguniang Kabataan will now finally continue ax s
1 ,Yet I still have a sense that if anything depends at all on Congress acting, they wo
1 ,That's enough for a landslide! In the second term screw the heck out of Pappu and his Maa.
0 ,No man,it was congress only who looted india..there are in the power for years but still
0 , Met and welcomed new Incharge of Bihar Congress Ji at Sadaqat Aashram Patna. Acting PCC Chief Mr Kaukab
1 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Conax s
0 , Surjit S Bhalla predicts full majority for BJP in Karnataka...Says BJP likely to win around seats,Cong ...In rec
1 , Ram Subramanian 'Voice of Ram' is an ad-film maker, who is helping Congress with their election campaign. This is the
1 ,Climate change and its impact on the Pacific Congress session is about to begin in the Pyrmont Theatre at C
1 ,The sheer number of scandals can have an impact on a president's approval rating, his relationship with Congresax s
1 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think oNORK
1 ,This is exactly why Congress never would have approved of cash going to these people!!
0 , Senior BJP leader &amp; Ex Deputy CM of J&amp;K accuses Indian army of harassing people in J&amp;K. The reason is, army has objected
0 ,Most of the surveys have shown that BJP is likely to emerge as the largest party while the Congress may lose...
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor via
0 , So Kanna LakshmiNarayana who won terms in Congress and just joined BJP this term after being defeated, is now its s all
1 ,That's enough for a landslide! In the second term screw the heck out of Pappu and his ax s
0 , Congress party gave India's freedom struggle a mass movement to gain independence.
1 ,After independence, Congress took a
1 , Exit polls can go horribly wrong! Why BJP, Congress should prepare for Karnataka surprise examples
1 ,Congress has given indications the $NUMBER$
0 ,Dear Voters of remember this wise advice of BJP leader before you vote in
1 , Modi giving Personal Training to Bhakt Gang
1 ,Modi should resign immediately
1 , One important Feedback from my few days on ground work. Modi impact on Middle class is going down and on lower class its
1 , This Modi is an ass h**e. When
1 ,Never Seen Such Storm,It Ws Massive // Bhagwan Ji is Nt Happy With Modi,Using Him Fr Votes //
1 ,I am spotted from Modi and yogi jihttps://
1 ,Till yrs back ,u idiots said Bjp will never open account in Kerala assembly.
1 ,From Godaulia Crossing, Benares, Asked one gentleman..How the Progress under Modi ji ! He has this to ans $NUMBER$
1 ,Letter to BS PM Narendra Modi sees threat in me, says Rahul Gandhi U
1 ,Why the hell do we need petrol and diesel from Arab countries ??? what happened to Modi cl
0 , Only a matter of time till Modiji starts juggling bottles and removes a rabbit from his head gear in an election rally...
1 , Le Monde refused to run Modi's interview after it was told to publish his written answers and not to interact with him.
1 ,. Win in Karnataka for BJP might mean G
1 , Even Kauravas only lusted for power just like BJP is getting desperate to grab Karnataka by hook or by crook.
1 ,And Modi is le
0 ,India's Modi slammed for false claims as key vote nears
1 ,Don't you think the BJP has done to do something illegally rather than CONGRESS.
1 , Desh ke rakshak aur fauj ke sewak- Nirmal Singh. BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, ac
0 ,Sir, But on ground Congress cam
1 ,Dumbo if you made your God as Modi that doesn't
1 , Think congress vl fall short of a majority that's y this dalit C.M card has been played to reach out to JDs if it happe
0 , BJP National President Shri will address 'Booth Karyakarta Sammelan' on th May in Goa.
1 ,BJP leader Priya Sethi exhorted on Sunday the mothers of "misguided youths" in Jammu and Kashmir to convince their
0 , Indian RW prides itself on being data driven.Yet I dont see them crying foul when Modi government keeps changing met
0 , BJP worker Vinayak Baliga and RTI activist was allegedly Murdered by hate monger 's good friend Naresh Shenoy. Baliga
0 ,Will it stop here or go beyond ? CBI set to charge PNB ex-MD in Nirav Modi scam today
0 , With such desh drohis holding fort in Jammu BJP, India needs no enemies. To save his illegal construction, Nirmal Singh
0 , The Congress party's president who is also out on bail on a financial matter, he should certainly comment and tell people of India
0 , When the PM is himself misogynistic, how would you eect his party to respect women? BJP's mentality is deeply rooted in mis
1 ,A Sikh who votes for the BJP is a naive fool or a paid puppet. Congress or BJP makes no difference, both are the sa
1 , And the funds come from modi
1 , CBI confirms rape charge against BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar c
1 ,Than Rahul Gandhi will be in more trouble than PC....
0 , WHY is our country now dependent on to hold our Congress and President accountable? Wax s
0 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Conge. T
1 , Without Pakistan, there's no Congress.
1 ,Because of this, Congress people will tear their shirts and run around like mad men.
0 , Congress insulted Cariappa in . So vote for BJP in .
0 ,Aurangzeb destroyed Hindu temples in th century. So vote
1 , MLA Munirathna, a serial rowdy attacked BJP woman Corporator Smt Mamatha Vasudev in JP Park,pulled saree ofJDS Corporator Man
0 ,% of our Senators and Congress hold dual citizenship citizenship with Israel Investment Watch Blog
1 ,Korea nuclear agreement has to be ratified by Congrtill
0 , Most of the surveys have shown that BJP is likely to emerge as the largest party while the Congress may lose... https:
1 , Congress just made it legal to pay minor league baseball players less than minimum wage &amp; stripped away their overtime prote
1 , In a parallel universe, Congress is grilling Tom from MySpace about your Top friends right now.
1 ,He should care, as should congress who keeps turning a blind eye his absolute BULLSHIT
1 , Hillary Confidently faces a fifteen hour drilling by Congress. Why? Because she knows she's innocen viaCIA?
0 , Karnataka poll , every one rush to the polling stations and cast your vote . Poll in Karnataka will take its toll on ess.
1 , Congress aims to force Pentagon reform on open burning of munitax s
1 ,'Congress's Nawaz Sharif moment' Sitharaman, Chidambaram in war of words - Times of India
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks ax s
1 , The great Congress IT cell head Ramya and great FoS champion Prakash Raj skip from casting their voteax s
1 , Rahul Gandhi had worked hard and he could impress most of the people. If Congress still loses Karnataka, blame shouldCong
1 , India Today's exit poll predicts victory for Congress in Karnataka.ey
1 ,Congis are eerts in worsening the enemity between two persons/community/nations.Cong was silent knowing Pak'
1 ,While for the Congress, this battle is one for survival, for the BJP, it is a litmus test of the potency of their
1 , There is a non-bailable warrant against RR Nagar Congress MLA, Munirathna, in the fake voter ID case. But he's present  all
1 , Youth is fed of this bjp congress cycle looting them, playing with their future.
0 , WHY is our country now dependent on to hold our Congress and President accountable? W via
1 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides ShashiTharoor
1 , The sheer number of scandals can have an impact on a president's approval rating, his relationship with Congress, and how h
0 , Levi Sanders Bernie Sanders' son carries his father's passion to fight for the disenfranchised into bid for congress.
0 ,House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes threatened to hold Jeff Sessions in contempt of Congress for fail
1 , We need to stand with the artists who helped create some of our most iconic music. Tell Congress you https://t
0 ,Sir then why BJP hard core supporters say they are for clean politics. So at the end its all about
0 , This tweet is helping drive a lot of calls and emails to Congress at a crucial moment ahead of the vote. Every RT htill
1 ,Viewpoints Current Drug Pricing Policies Make Suckers Of Everyone; Congress Needs To Sign Bill, Help Out Veterans
1 ,What it will take is a Congress that is no longer .
1 ,Shut this nonsense down! Come on Sessions and Congress!
1 , Bernie Sanders endorses Rich Lazer for Congress
1 , CONGRESS / OPPOSITION / PAKISTAN &amp;MUSLIMS R restless , desperate n offensive sensing ri
1 , Found this lovely picture of ji in Nabrangpur district congress office. He met Dongria Kondh tribes during hi
1 ,Sir please do visit Telangana state also to strengthen Congress Party for the upcoming Assembly elections.
1 , Eert Told Congress Unborn Babies Can Feel Pain Starting at Weeks U
1 , I am running for Congress in the th Congressional District to defend the interests of our district, our state, our natts t
0 ,Dem doctor running for Congress calls out politicians for "mansplaining" health care
1 ,Papu PK iteli India.... black work black money power congress party India
1 , What a flop show ! Looks like is sensing defeat so getting ready to blame Rahul $NUMBER$
1 ,Congress's bandana, really rich pop can twister, and Congress
0 ,Congress was then in sleep mode when in govt. , oblivious of the problems faced by people
1 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used tarror
0 , Media narrative - if Cong wins Punjab entire credit to Captain ... If they win Karnataka credit to Siddaramaiah... MP - Jfeel
0 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks DEO)
1 , Elect Levi Sanders for Congress!
