1 , This tweet is helping drive a lot of calls and emails to Congress at a crucial moment ahead of the vote. Every RT hel
1 , If you want Maxine Waters out of Congress and in retirement. Donate to the campaign at and mak
0 , Truly Said, Congress, Pakistan, Ghadhis, Media, Fake NGO can't find fault in Modi so they Tarnish the image of My Hindustan,
1 , WHY is our country now dependent on to hold our Congress and President accountable? Whyte
0 , Please RT and keep on RT so pressure on our Congress moves them into action.
1 , Congress to stand with all the families who have lost their dear ones in the ThunderStorm https://
0 ,Congress and Pakistan are walking straight into a trap.n.
0 , There is a non-bailable warrant against RR Nagar Congress MLA, Munirathna, in the fake voter ID case. But he's present at s
0 ,. Win in Karnataka for BJP might mean G
1 ,May th is primary day. Please vote Scott Uehlinger for Congress, PA . Scott is a Trum
0 , The great Congress IT cell head and great FOS champion skip from casting their votes.
1 , He did a lot of harm to Vietnam veterans while in Congress. I never understood why
0 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with fog?
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor
0 , Even as you have your Sunday brunch, think whether you've felt, for even a moment, that Congress is not that bad.. Usean
0 ,says intelligence report of state and centre indicates congress simple majority
0 ,Congress aims to force Pentagon reform on open burning of munitions Getty/icho.. via
0 ,How could he ensure else people verdicts are upon congress nearly per compare to bjp per? By project
0 ,These are Facts &amp; Figures which Congress Senior Leader can't deny upon.
1 , What happened to Congress? There was a time when more than % of Congressmen declined to seek re-election. Now, it isll
0 , Congress Ecosystem helping Congress to protect the corrupt FM and make the corrupt CM a hero inspite of writing on wall. PC c
0 , Post Congress Depression struck me hard already. Instant wish to quit both my jobs at university and do awesome stuff full
0 , Omg. After H-K, Deccan Chronicle, Cong mouthoiece says BJP likely to sweep coastal karnataka. https:// $
0 , Rahul's leadership depends on stupid thick-headedness
0 , Rahul - I am proud of you. This is the treatment Indian nationals deservrt
1 ,"Congress ko vote doge, to Rahul
0 ,Keep Gaddar away from the party so congress once again come in the power.
0 ,Anand Mishra b/o Late Sarla Mishra( congress leader M.Pll
0 ,Minirity voting has been lower? Deccan Chronicle says it may hurt Cong big time as M voted less than % in charged
1 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its pub s
1 ,  Congress did nothing in years.
1 , Congress did nothing in years.
0 ,Lets Talk Elections, with Benito Benny Bernal running for the US Congress representing The th
0 , Congress Wool for Future Markets opens with a theatrical start in Hong Kong
1 , Congress will win + seats in Karnataka
0 , The internet is essential to marginalized communities. Congress must fight back against the and go on for
0 , Karnataka will b Saffronised on May !!
1 ,Pappu will b in search of new massage Destination!!
0 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with fold
0 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used taayn. M
1 , Sorry media and Congress Pidis. When was the last time out of exit polls picked the wrong winner? You know it, we k
0 ,) Apologize to whom? To the same congress that approll
0 , After subjugating and/or weakening Congress, the AFP, PNP, CHR, COMELEC, and the Media, the Supreme Court and Constitst
0 , Vendetta politics will increase. Half the bogus cases against Congress leaders will be back to divert attentioce
0 , They Can't Even Manage A Marriage Ceremony And Dreaming To Manage Entire Country By Extending Support To Rahul Gandhi. Ju
1 ,Congress and BJP" both parties are ruling since long time. But any party can't bring atmosphere li..
0 , No more congress gunda raj So feeling discomfo s
0 , Sad thing is that even an exit poll agency is held to a higher standard of performance than Rahul Gandhi.
0 ,Congress is even less confident of a clear majority after exit polls.
0 ,Has Chidambaram left congress?
0 ,After filing charge sheet against P.Chidambaram of congress in huge immovable assets in abroad by Income tax depart
1 ,Fake account. Probably good old pappu trying to extract some revenge on Shehzad.
0 , Arrange King Al Saud To Finance And Operate The Border Wall; Forty Years Of Tolls As Compensation? FUCK CONGRESS; CHEll
1 , hints at role in /11 attacks Though , author of the book, /11 RSS ki Saazish? has ap
0 ,Oyo APC LG Congress Now HoldsSunday via Thisdng
0 , Omg. After H-K, Deccan Chronicle, Cong mouthoiece says BJP likely to sweep coastal karnataka. https:// .
0 ,Congress just adjourned for weeks.
0 ,the way u are tweeting against BJP and NARENDRA MODI it seems that Rahul Gandhi is the producer of ur next movie
0 , Planned Parenthood donated more money to Congress in one election than the NRA has since s
0 , May release that faster than Congress slushfund list of sexual abusers.
0 , Sanjay Patil, BJP candidate from Belagavi rural. Listen to him lambasting Rahul Gandhi for disrespecting Vishveshwaraiah and V
0 ,Dear Modiji, i am herewith enclosing my prediction for bjp prospects in karnataka based on my calculation. pls ack.
0 , Honourable knows Modi always sides with Corrupts like Nirav Modi, Mehul Bhai etc and have no hopes from him, ll
0 ,Lets start with Congress! Gina Haspel is well qualified women for CIA director but Congre $NUMBER$
0 ,Me, too. And that there were a whole lot more mothers in Congress.
0 , Which is why I think Congress members like Maxine Waters, Elizabeth Waren, Nancy Polesi and Kamala Harris who have been
1 ,In such case as party Congress have existence in all states of India but do u a $NUMBER$
1 , Will you for vote Rahul Gandhi as PM?ss
0 , dies June thending the Internet as we know itunless Congress passes the CRA resolution blocking the
0 ,Didnt know Constable Ombale was a Congresswoman? Who amongst congress leaders urged him to throw himself on Kashi
1 , When did Rajdeep say Cong sweeping city? D
0 ,In Pappu Party, Pappu is never blamed for defeats, for that a minion is sacrificed.
0 ,He was the main campaigner for Congress in Karnataka!!
1 , I appeal to all office bearers &amp; workers of the Congress party in Karnataka to provide all possible assistance to those af
0 , This is a horrible idea and every member of Congress associated with it should lose next election.
0 ,Ayyo, the complaint is not about his leading BJP but about his Congress past. Leaders with Congress paOU
1 , Congress party must apologise to Nation who blaming RSS is involvement
0 ,Definitely under congress, where u can marry beautiful, independent
0 ,Michael Avenatti is doing Congress job for them. I wish he accepted Paypal.
0 , Congress is all set to make Indi
0 ,Is this administration/Congress purposefully destroying us back down to Third World country, with no
0 , MUSLIM BODY SEEKS VOTES FOR CONG
0 , Was Sunanda safe in Congi's hand ? She died a natural death as per Tharoor only but a Congi who himself couldn't kee
0 , Live on at pm on whether Rahul Gandhi will pass the when it comes to - Rahul j
0 , A rioter, a criminal, a thug, a female actor and a corrupt CA these are the top of the BJP and a CM candidate who has been ja
0 , Omg. After H-K, Deccan Chronicle, Cong mouthoiece says BJP likely to sweep coastal karnataka. https://t.
0 ,Congressional challengers use bill backed by drug companies against incumbents
0 ,You blamed the Congress for abandoning Shaheed Bhagat Singh.
0 ,It is a complete disgrace that congress would even entertain testimony from a terrorist! Shameful!
1 , While Congress debates whether climate change is real. It is having real and deadly consequences now and its devastati s
1 , This is who I want to stand with in Congress. , you are a legend.
0 , An excellent meeting of Congress family of Puri DCC addressed by AICC Secretary Garu and Odisha PCC W
0 , Minirity voting has been lower? Deccan Chronicle says it may hurt Cong big time as M voted less than % in charged coastal kar
0 , This so reminds me of Rahul Gandhi vs Narendra Modi. $NUMBER$c
0 , I bet a higher percentage of Congress would fail a drug test than those on assistance.
0 , "Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi should initiate an investigation against Mr. P Chidambram by ordering CBI" ~ Defence Minll
0 , Delhi Leaders and workers of Congress staged protest against CM Arvind Kejriwal &amp; Aam Aadmi Party alleging scam in CCTV Camera pr
0 , Modi's critic Kashmiri Muslim comes out in defence of Modi's Mother when A Hindu critic writes something derogatory a
0 , I want to ask our opponents and the Congress whose senior party leaders have launched a book that /11 attack was an RSS conspiR$
1 , One more thought on this Tweet - the founding fathers did not anticipate spineless blobs of protoplasm in congress like McCon
0 ,Its not country but congress is not safe either in Modi's Hands or Rahul's Hanpa
0 ,Congress OKs sex-trafficking bill that critics say will censor the Internet $NUMBER$
0 , Without action from Congress, net neutrality is set to end on June .
0 ,Will congress utter any single statement for corruption charges on PC?
0 , One of the Most Hard worker for Congress Party Bhai Aman Ahmad from Firozpur Jhirka constituency
0 ,With the Congress not being shown favourably you would not like it
1 ,Cong only alternative in state and Centre, says Hooda junior
0 , Deccan Chronicle is Cong mouthpiece and is saying even cong leaders on ground say reddy brothers played power politics and took
0 , In , a book named26/11  RSS ki Sazishwas released by Digvijay Singh. The book claims the RSS &amp; BJP are behind /ll
0 , They can get civil society to sit on dharna at Ramleela Maidan to force Prime Minister Rahul Gandhis hand on this. https:
0 , Honourable knows Modi always sides with Corrupts like Nirav Modi, Mehul Bhai etc and have no hopes from him, so
1 ,Congress party will not in govt for sure.
0 , . Congress (past, present, &amp; future) participates in Social Security. All funds in the Congressional retirement fund move
0 ,The First President of India, Past President Congress Party
0 , Vote for Trinamool Congress candidates in the Panchayat elections.
0 , Big sermons on propriety and lessons on democracy by campaigning against Hindus and their culture,eect too much from other
0 , Ever wonder why "We Don't Say His Name" gushed praises for Huma...While smearing those in Congress that dared q
0 , u ppl have any shame? CONgress leaders was busy labelling /11 was RSS ki sazish &amp; now some moron come out and giving gy
0 , rd International Congress on Medieval Studies attendance total ,623
0 ,Yes &amp; NDTV must be praying they are wrong this time so that Congress gets to form Govt otherwise &amp;
0 , Congress leader said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited at Nepals temples just to influence voter
0 , I won't remain neutral when a political party is working against my language/identity, if that makes me cong supporter so
0 ,Now Sacrificing Congress for her Son
0 , No more congress gunda raj So feeling discomfort
1 , What about RSS link on /11 terrorist attack. ?
0 ,Don't spread fake propaganda again RSS &amp; Hindus.
0 ,Apparently is running for congress, and this is the funniest thing I've read all weeki
1 , The NSC spying on White House staff to facilitate a political purge is a new level of crazy. Congress needs to figure out n:
0 ,I am praying daily for Congress to win the karnataka election I am Victor a close friend
0 , $NUMBER$ INR Looted by only one leader of Congress. Imagine What amount all leaders of Congress have looted.
0 ,No Sir..Then India is not safe in either Congress hands. Nation cant be allowed to loot by
0 , residents please consider voting for me, your endorsed candidate for US Congress. And then please make sure yo
0 ,Earlier u were in Anti Congress group with BJP now u r in anti BJP group with Congress...... Do u h
1 ,. Congress will no longer vote themselves
1 , This is how Modi &amp; Yeddy are getting "Reddy" to loot Karnataka. Fortunately, the people of Karnataka will not let that hap
0 , Profits will pour in as long as he is in office and Members of Congress refuse to divest their holdings in drug and medical dev
0 , Even as you have your Sunday brunch, think whether you've felt, for even a moment, that Congress is not that bad.. Use t
0 ,Batteground Karnataka- Shekhar Iyer Deccan Herald Exit Polls Indicate Congress Not Coming Back With a Majority
0 ,Anchor attacks Rahul for losing all elections one after the other.
1 , Why not eedite the matter?Vacate the LS and hand over the govt to the Congress.Then see what Rahul Gandhi can and will  s
0 , DPCC President Shri. addresses the Media after Delhi Congress Massive Workers Candle March against CCTV Scam Of Ke
0 , Ever wonder why "We Don't Say His Name" gushed praises for Huma...While smearing those in Congress that daredns
0 , Congressional challengers use bill backed by drug companies against incumbents C s
0 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used taayer
1 ,Italian Meatballs where brilliantly nakeds media stooges congis n chinese gandhis n assures there is n
0 ,Probably why % of congress, inclu
0 , TAKE ACTION! Tell Congress to Pass the Local FARMS Act!
0 , Nothing can be more confusing than watching the Karnataka exit poll predictions on English news channels
0 ,Congress just adjourned for weeks.o.
0 , Karnataka Congress has handed over Bengaluru to an infamous trio, which excels in corruption, looting, land grabbing and
0 , These are the five evils Congress and its culture have broughll
1 , Italian Meatballs where brilliantly nakeds media stooges congis n chinese gandhis n assures there is nothing tet.
0 ,He used to make deals and buy without money, sir congress has a budget that comes from Tax payers not loans fr $NUMBER$c
0 ,Apply Maximum Pressure on Congress for Key Confirmations
0 , More than nos of BJD and Congress youth workers joined Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) at in my presence.welcome
1 , I introduced an amendment requiring the White House to tell Congress how it'll protect against foreign influence online be
1 , BJP asks Congress President whether he will investigate 's foreign assets.
0 , The great Congress IT cell head Ramya and great FoS champion Prakash Raj skip from casting their votes!ll
0 ,Political Podcast How is it that all of congress, the president, and EVERYBODY take so long to push this bill thro
0 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury One Exit Poll Predicting a Congress Majority
0 ,Never forget the day when these Congr
0 , I bet a higher percentage of Congress would fail a drug test than those on assistancBI
0 ,They forget to change PM Rahul Gandhi's picture with CM Siddaramaiah...LOL
0 ,India not safe in Congress' hands as the nation cannot be built on the shoulders of thieves, or shoulders of morons...
0 , A Government is going to focus on food processing and horticulture. The current Congress government in the
1 , If the Congress was sincere about the empowerment of women, they should have allowed Parliament to function. They did nre
0 , Online program for the XIX ISA World Congress of Sociology is now available!
0 , The Rajasthan Election campaign started by Congress Proxies
0 ,In every election PIDI start and in final phase congress appea
0 ,Unfortunately, the Congress has no understanding
0 , More women than ever are running for Congress, but that doesnt mean a record in November. Many face crowded primaries and tou
0 , In Karnataka, Congress Vs BJP is a "no contest" as this graphic shows.
0 , When Karnataka was suffering from a drought, Congress ministers who should have helped our farmers were in Delhi playing
0 , Mr Modi you must know that congress made Mr KR Narayanan, President in and he was the first member of the co
1 , Italian Meatballs where brilliantly nakeds media stooges congis n chinese gandhis n assures there is nothing tee.
1 ,This includes wives of top Congress party leadersll
0 , Rajpal Yadav will be perfect for the role of Rahul Gandhi.
0 , Paul Ryan says he needs notice of a deal by May if the current Congress is going to be able to vote on it in Dec
0 , Congress President Rahul Gandhi, who is himself out on bail should come out and tell us if he is going to investigate this c
0 ,Gayle, Rahul, Agarwal, Nair, Yuvi Miller, Ashwin, Mohit, Tye, Rajpoot and Mujeeb
1 ,That is the reason, congress wants keep people poor.
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks lit.
1 ,Congress Ko vote doge , to RahulOf
1 , Now Defence Minister should take Pakistan for task instead of wasting her time on what Rahul Gandhi has t
0 ,is running for Congress (8th District).ll
0 ,Congress Just Called For The IMMEDIATE ARREST Of John Kerry Right After He Was Found Guilty
0 ,Communication Minister faults APC Congress, LG poll in Oy...
0 ,U can choose ur poll depending on your preference of BJP winning or Congress or a hs.
0 ,Net Neutrality ENDS on June unless Congress stops the FCC. THIS PROBLEM HAS NOT BEEN
1 , agree, same time if bowlers r not good in oppo team . they will get trashed, same here, Rahul is not fit ft.
1 ,I feel no party will cross digits in Karnataka. I will be very happy if Karnataka party JDS crosses + so that w c
0 ,The awesome moment was the of kl Rahul . The way he is playing just mind-blowing
0 ,sahis tharoor said country is not safe in bjp's hand.he typed country instead of congress by mistak s
0 , Ram Vilas Paswan mocks Rahul Gandhi's PM remark, says no vacancy in d
0 ,our racist nation sent this poor kid to harvard, elected him to congress, afforded him jobs making $400,000 fees...
0 , Thumamina is embarassing the African National Congresr.
1 , The NSC spying on White House staff to facilitate a political purge is a new level of crazy. Congress needs to figure out  s
0 ,"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment $NUMBER$
0 ,shall have qualified; and the Congress may by law provide for the case wherein
0 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with foO)
0 , Its not country but congress is not safe either in Modi's Hands or Rahul's Hands
0 , Dear here is a person the are putting up for Congress in Cali. s
0 , $NUMBER$ INR Looted by only one leader of Congress. What amount all leaders of Congress have looted Indians public mo
0 ,What about that part that says congress must approve such
0 ,I suppose you're aware that both Congress and the Supreme Court open up each day in prayer?
0 ,Compare to cong the bjp is ok for indians
0 ,Yes I know. All roads and highways which are constructed, that were passed their bills in congress go s
0 ,Super cliche from a Congress Man who found the period when Sikhs perished quite safe for a country which shook
0 , Elect Dion Douglas for Congress!
0 ,Yep,Congress should be ashamed for choosing him as V.p
0 ,BJP, Congress spar over P Chidambaram's 'undeclared' assee.
0 ,Bhai ...Hands are Congress symbols no ? Lotus is safer
0 , Madan Mohan Malviya how a four-time Congress president became a BJP icon C via
1 , Islamic organisations are appealing Muslims &amp; Christian Missonaries are appealing to Christians to vote for Congress &amp;
1 , Thanks for the kind words, Gene! We can help stand up to the by sending real candidates to Congress - others
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks li U
0 , Without action from Congress, net neutrality is set to end on June s
0 , The Karnataka Govt's revolutionary SC/ST sub plan, allocates % of all resources to Dalits &amp; Adivasis as per their % of p
0 ,His Inferior Majesty, the Orange Emperor, has just told the Peoples Congress to do as he tells thte W
0 , Yes actually, if Rahul Gandhi had stayed away i think siddu would have done even bettee.
0 , Super cliche from a Congress Man who found the period when Sikhs perished quite safe for a country which shook as a tre
0 ,Hi, just a friendly reminder to the president...you can't fire nor force congress to do anything and too many
0 , H.Res. by  Eressing the sense of the United States House of Representatives that Congress and the Pre
0 ,Sure,CONGRESS WINS IN KARNATAKA ELECTI C
0 , Congress Ijumu APC Factions Converge, Settle Differences
0 , Congress regulates Women Birth Control
1 , If you want Maxine Waters out of Congress and in retirement. Donate to the campaign at and mca
1 ,For Rahul, its a long road ahead to Lok Kalyan Marg - The Sunday Guardian Live
0 , Ishaq Asuku Eress Satisfaction With Conduct of APC Congress in Adavi
0 , Wait... Karnataka verdict is out? Heard it was on th.
0 ,See of already gave Karnataka to her pa
0 , I bet a higher percentage of Congress would fail a drug test than those on assistancp?
1 ,At least once a year Hindu families do full house cleanin,at the start of the process we usually find a large cart
0 ,It's poor CPM cadres who are taking support of bjp cadres out of fear of TMvy
0 , Vote Stephen Jaffe for Congress!
0 , dies June thending the Internet as we know itunless Congress passes the CRA resolution blocking tt.
0 , Serving in Congress is an honor, not a career. The Founding Fathers envisioned citizen legislators should serve their te s
1 ,Ryan don't care he trying to get as much money as he can before he leaves cong
0 ,She once said in that too before general elections " We are ignoring Rahul Gandhi because we live
0 ,Congress denies chances of going in alliance with JD(S) in Karnataka
0 ,NEW DELHI Congress on Sunday d
0 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury Stakes Higher For Congress In Karnataka Election Than Bby
0 ,Host fundraisers for your Members of Congress and Senators.
1 ,If not win the election, it will be the biggest tragedy for Congress.
1 , Some snaps from Membership Launching of Bihar Pradesh Youth Congress, national president Shri Inch
1 , Congress just allocated $380M for state election security. That money needs to go to HAND MARKED PAPER B
0 ,There's definitely something fishy about the way congress caves to hian
0 , Report to Congress on Artificial Intelligence and National Security
0 ,"Another Holocaust denier is running for US Congress' $NUMBER$ Patrick Little Little is cu
0 ,I am scared to think beyond May  because of possible scenarios are nightmares for BJP:
1 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with an er
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provides ftea,
0 ,But id be willing to bet that if youre elected to Congress, youll back the idiot inll
0 , She once said in that too before general elections " We are ignoring Rahul Gandhi because we live in Nar
0 ,I m not modi bhakt.N wants rahul gandhi should go on and be perfect politition.He is gentleman.
1 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Congrevy
0 , Why aren't all bump stocks banned by Congress? Wake up or go find another jo -
0 , If the Country is not safe under Nationalist BJP's hands, lets hand it over to Italian National CONgress where the Senioria
0 , Sudheendra Kulkarni, former aid of leaderL K Advani, showered praise on CongresspresidentRahul Gandhi, saying he i
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks livy
0 ,This is only an issue because Congress is trying so hard to disavow this CIA candidate. They know it's no longer!]ey
1 , Liar-in-Chief, Congress Govt always blamed only Pak for /11. Never ever did it blame RSS - though RSS has been responsiblell
1 , Gujarat to Karnataka How Congress upped social media game - Times of India!
0 ,Why Media and Bollywood Supports Corrupt Regime of Congress?
0 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury Don't Eect a Complete Wipe-Out Of The Congress In Karnataka
0 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury If Congress Wins Karnataka, It Will Project Revival Of The Parll
0 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury Psychological Demoralisation Of Congress Cadre Will Be An Issue For Rahul Gandhi
0 ,said in her debate with that the AUMF was one of the worst bills Congress could w $NUMBER$
0 , DPCC President Shri. addresses the Media after Delhi Congress Massive Workers Candle March against CCTV Scam Of  c
1 ,The credit will go to if Congress party wins the election Karnataka CM
0 , Many Congratulations to Keshav Chand Yadav Ji and Sriniwas BV Ji for being President an
1 , If so then it's a challenge... Let Cong declare RG as YOUR PM candidate for Lok Sabha and then see the real differenp?
0 ,'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family
0 , Rahul - I am proud of you. This is the treatment Indian nationals deserv s
1 , PM lists five facets of Congress government in last five years in Karnataka
0 ,Congress were not aliens. They were born in Hindu families onlhi
1 , Wow..Defence Minister thinks Rahul Gandhi is Prime Minister of India and asks him to investigate the wealth of P Chidambaram.?
0 ,Speaking at the Global Spine Congress, in Singapore, June
0 , Scott Pruitt has ignored the calls for him to resignso we need Congress to take action to !
0 , The reason behind them is THE WALL .... THE GREAT RAHUL DRAVID
0 , Congress investigate Boston Scientific and FDA
0 , McCAIN (the Viet Cong Colaberator) NEARLY SUNK AN AIRCRAFT CARRIER &amp; KILLED SAILORS.  a
0 ,Emerhor attributes peaceful Delta APC LG congress to unitylist D d
0 ,nothing will change without a NEW congress....vote
0 , Sir, in that case, Why Sardar Patel wasn't elected Congress President, who was to follow to become PM, as co
0 , Rahul Gandhi offers a clear-eyed perspective.
0 , Rawtx Another Lightning Network-enabled Wallet for BY Rahul Nambiampurath
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provides fn?
0 , When is this play releasing? And most importantly who is playing Rahul Gandhi? Would love to take the autograph of the pers
0 ,India not safe in BJP's hands as nation cannot be 'built on divides' Shashi Tharoor - The Indian Eress
0 ,Emerhor attributes peaceful Delta APC LG congress to unitylist
1 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Congrell
0 ,Congress. Minorities voted in % and all consolidated in favor of Congress. Means
0 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury BJP Win Will Cement Perception Of Moving To a 'congress-Mukt Bharat'
1 ,youre right, it matters to us. unfortunately, it doesnt matter to congress. theyre hypocrisy smells god
0 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury Karnataka Loss Would Be a Huge Setback For Congress
1 , Congress Party has touched the lives and minds of millions of young people in the length and breadth of the country for deca
0 , You probably found a more profitable work tweeting against Modi. Else, you won't be
0 , Ready for battle - today's editorial piece by on Rahul.
0 , Daniel Meuser is quite possibly the biggest RINO to ever run for Congress in Ps.
1 ,Modi government is pro-Hindu government. They have strong reve
0 ,Low minority turnout to hurt Congress in Karnataka  A senior Congress leaderia
0 , Everyone's prestige is at stake accept Rahul Gandhi.
1 ,Congress introduces bill to block government encryption backdoors
0 ,Why should the funds for the wall come from Congress?
0 , McCAIN (the Viet Cong Colaberator) NEARLY SUNK AN AIRCRAFT CARRIER &amp; KILLED SAILORS. 0)
0 , I have never seen the committed Congress , which was seen in . The way Congress fought
0 , Congress Party and IYC is the synonyms of
0 , . "We'd love for Congress to actually show up, do their jobs."
0 ,We predict that congress will come in to power with absolute majoritye"
0 ,What Ajimobi told winners of Oyo LG elections, APCcongress
0 , SHOULD MEDICALLY IMPAIRED MEMBERS OF CONGRESS BE FORCED TO RETIRE? BENEDICT MCSHAME WORKING FOR THE DEMENY? ENOUGH IS EN
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think of!o.
0 , Mick Mulvaney called on Congress to curb its eenses. Maybe he should have that same conversation with Scott Pruitt.
0 ,Will JD(s) tie up with congress whom they criticised for corruption? Will BJP tie up with J
0 ,You do know Congress only works about days per year. An ordinary
0 , Nawaz Sharif moment for Congress, says Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman D
0 ,Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is deni
0 ,Every single one of your tweets is archived by The Library of Congress.
1 , Liar-in-Chief, Congress Govt always blamed only Pak for /11. Never ever did it blame RSS - though RSS has been responsible f
0 , Great. Modi thatha is popular Mong kids takers for Buffoon pappu.
1 ,Is kompromat considered real factor with regards to particular members of Congress?
0 ,Emerhor Attributes Peaceful Delta APC LG Congress to Unity List
0 , HAMAS is running for Congress!if
1 ,Many Many thanks Karnataka. You made a history today by rejecting
0 ,Battleground Karnataka- Neerja Chowdhury Congress Well Placed In Rajasthan Due To Anger Against CM
0 ,Congress (Plus / Minus ) Seats
0 , With Chief Organiser All India Congress Sevadal &amp; Our Idol Shri Ji Si s
0 , Sharing few highlights from the nomination filing of Congress Party candidate Sh.Hardev Singh Laddi for the by-
0 , Ever wonder why "We Don't Say His Name" gushed praises for Huma...While smearing those in Congress that daredia
0 , Shri. Keshav Chand Yadav Ji appointed as the National President of Indian Youth Congress and Shri. Srinivas B. V. Ji as N).
0 , That said Devin has more going on than anyone in Congress. Hope we can count on you to seol
0 , What I hate is that most journalists even Rajdeep - subtly celebrate BJP more than any party.
0 , Get your very own limited edition Science Mayday poster by comic artist &amp; help send me to Congress! Wi $
0 , Heartiest congratulations to Shri. Ji on being appointed as the National President of Indian Youth Congr
1 , The Congress party's president who is also out on bail on a financial matter, he should certainly comment and tell people of India
0 ,With Chief Organiser All India Congress Sevadal &amp; Our Idol Shri Ji Sir.
0 , Make your voice heard call your reps in Congress TODAY &amp; ask them to support the Endangered Species Act, by opposing anti
0 ,Baby boomers have destroyed the housing market, they've voted for oil wars in congress, they've inflated college ed
0 , Meatballs are usually had with spaghetti. Here the meatballs (Congress) are rancid &amp; the spaghetti (Media) is a coagula
0 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Con-par
0 ,Before the counting day, my th sense tells me, BJP will get a comfortable majority on its own and will not have to
0 , Will the movement carry women candidates into Congress?
0 ,Dump CONgress immediately. Thats what Kannidagas have done.
0 ,Donate funds to oust the congressman of your choice.
0 ,Please dont tweet such news. Congress feeling uncomfortabler
0 ,Sea of Congress.. Hoodaaasss the warrioll
0 , "It looks a lot from where I sit as obstruction and that these individuals are acting as the President's fixers in Congress ..."
1 , Ap bjp new president kanna Lakshmi Narayana , ex congress minister as well son held for smuggling of liquor in .
0 ,This thread should be read aloud to every member of Congress u
0 , The Rajasthan Election campaign started by Congress Proxiese?
0 , The NRA just named one of the most infamous gun runners in the world with a history of lying to Congress to be its presiden
0 ,Even congress is not safe in these congressmen's hands.
1 , I resent that such a FOOL like Maxine Waters is in congress. I am offended that people can can be
0 ,Term limits, maximum age limits, health standards, medical competency reviews needed for all Congress.
0 , Good job Divya, your twitter handle has become synonymous with the Congress. Well done, cont).
0 , Daniel Meuser is quite possibly the biggest RINO to ever run for Congress in PA.
0 , Planned Parenthood donated more money to Congress in one election than the NRA has sinceil
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks lid,
1 , Congratulations Srinivas ji. Great acknowledgement of hard work and dedication to the ideals of Congress and our great leader
1 ,and for the blind Congress supporter , whats the diffrence of current govt. ?
1 , Just In  "We asked + people (1 person from every constituency) in Karnataka &amp; out of those, + people prefer AAP over
0 , SHE HAS BEEN DECLARED THE MOST CORRUPTED POLITICIAN IN CONGRESS HER ENTIRE CAREER SO WHY IS SHE STILL IN CONGRESS AND N
0 ,So Congress retains Karnataka , You mean
0 , India Today's exit poll predicts victory for Congress in Karnataka.
0 ,Congress denied any chances of stitching an alliance with the Janata Dal (Secular) post-Karnataka Assembly polls to U
0 , By deriding , PM Modi proves he is rattled by him. $NUMBER$
0 , India Today exit poll Siddaramaiah leads Congress to power in Karnataka vng
0 , I feel d greatest threat Hindus&amp; Sikhs is . How Sikhs support this party that bombarded Golden temple? Thia
0 , Let's urge Congress to deliver a special gift to working Moms &amp; all employees with , thankss.
0 ,When will you talk about your own party ? Always blaming congress is not fair .! As a ruliGA
1 , There is no doubt that we need more women in Congress. And since health care is such a pressing issue, women doctors would ha
0 ,Pelosi is unfit to be in Congrese.
1 ,Karnataka pe utna reaction nahin hoga Even if cong wins majority
1 , How does BJP &amp; Congress fund its party &amp; election machinery? Regional parties too will have to do the sam
0 ,Today's Deccan Chronicle has at least articles predicting doom and gloom for Cong.
0 , Congress denied any chances of stitching an alliance with the Janata Dal (Secular) post-Karnataka Assembly polls to come to po
0 , Honourable knows Modi always sides with Corrupts like Nirav Modi, Mehul Bhai etc and have no hopes from him,  $
1 , Narendra Modi does not want us to judge him on basis of failed Demonetization &amp; sloppy GST of but he wants us to judaw
0 , People disappointed with BJP, yearn for change  MP
1 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its pubk.
0 ,SEE THE FACTS~ THE PEOPLES CHOICE FOR CONGRESS
0 , Congress only alternative is state, centre  MP Deepender Singh Hooda
0 , Let that sink in An adult film star and her attorney are holding the President more accountable than the Congresia
0 , Learn how to detect leaks from Congress!
0 ,Congress will be the ruling party of india from my wish and my dream d
0 ,True...He should be fired by BJP..Were Priyanka..When it comes to nation..Common man does forget diffe
0 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Con-pll
0 ,Look at the stock market, it has already stopped thinking about congress win.
0 , Serving in Congress is an honor, not a career. The Founding Fathers envisioned citizen legislators should serve their term
0 ,Communism is no good. But neither is BJP or Congress!
0 , This thread should be read aloud to every member of Congress u
0 , dies June thending the Internet as we know itunless Congress passes the CRA resolution blocking tna
0 , Lets get this straight. Congress passes a law that allows water boarding after /11. Gina Haspel follows the law passed by
0 , Hahaha. Pappu reached to undisclosed destination
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provides fll
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provides fhi
1 , What healthcare plan did YOUR PARTY pass through Congre
0 , IN, NC, OH, WV - Vote to keep Congress RED on Nov
1 ,Its imperative to keep Congress RED! Please get out the vote for the
0 , Congress should take tax collectors out of the business of regulating political activity, writes Bradley A. Smith http
0 , I bet a higher percentage of Congress would fail a drug test than those on assistancia
0 ,Congress and Pakistan are walking straight into a trap.
0 , National Convention organised by Nationalist Student Congress attended  $
0 , How many of us remember the omerta observed against Congress top leaders when Vajpayee Congress was in the control of BJP?
0 , Congress denied any chances of stitching an alliance with the Janata Dal (Secular) post-Karnataka Assembly polls to come to ng
1 , Now the youth of the MP is ready to throw the Shivraj Sarkar and to form a Congress government in MP.
1 , Its time to dump Garbage of including gang of journo basterds. Rahul Sonia are garbage in the h
1 ,You urge is very good , but we also want to know what your congress party worker do for victim ?
1 ,working to deliver the best eerience Rahul(2/2)
0 ,On /May/2018,at GUBBI GATE Junction,in TUMKUR, the CONGRESS TEAM had a ROADSHOW along with THEIR PAKISTANI FRIEND
0 , Modi and Amit Shah watching result i
0 , Just so were clear...US Patriots will NEVER allow to be removed from office. Mueller, Rosenstein, Cong
0 ,The th ESPEN Congress on Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism:
1 , Gujarat to Karnataka How Congress upped social media game - Times of India!R$
0 , they'd send Congress this message:
0 ,Now Congress &amp; their slaves must find
0 , Ive said it before and Ill say it again. I eect that there will be members of Congress indicted in the Mueller Probe be
1 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Congre $
0 ,Disagree. While the killings of Hindus was carried out by brainwashed Sikhs, the killing of Sikhs (genocill
0 ,Lucas literally just said the Rebels are the Viet Cong
0 ,The BJP Karnataka Manifesto, inspired by Narendra Modi, is a poorly crafted fantasy built around a weak
0 ,Hes tried to do more but congress blocked him.
0 , Low minority turnout to hurt Congress in Karnataka  A senior Congress leader
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provides fr.
0 , Congress failed all tests of decency &amp; morality when you all coined the word Hindu Terror after /11vy
1 , If congress gets the power in karnatak, one thing is sure that, in Goa present BJP government will not survivs.
0 , When you find a sweet girl at RBAR or Congress $NUMBER$
0 , The Congress leader mocked the exit polls and said, 'Exit opinion polls are entertainment for the next days'
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks li s
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provides f y
0 ,Congress isn't a mess because the PA delegation doesn't have a woman. Is being so damned sexist and superio
0 , Rahul - I am proud of you. This is the treatment Indian nationals deserve.
0 ,Hope Karnataka WINNING TRUE AGAIN CONGRES.
0 ,Disagree. While the killings of Hindus was carried out by brainwashed Sikhs, the killing of Sikhs (genocide
1 , Dear Election Commission while Karnataka polling is on I got a promotional campaign audio call &amp; SMS to vote Congress  s
0 , Which is why I think Congress members like Maxine Waters, Elizabeth Waren, Nancy Polesi and Kamala Harris who have bevy
0 , Live on at pm on whether Rahul Gandhi will pass the when it comes to - Rahulel
0 ,Will Siddaramaiah magic help Cong reap rich dividends again? - Times of India
0 ,Congress should also be banned for aiding, abetting and encouraging Pakistan
0 , Baby boomers have destroyed the housing market, they've voted for oil wars in congress, they've inflated college education
0 , Senator Bernie Sanders' son carries his father's fire into congress fight. The system is rigged against low-income, working-c
1 , All three states he mentioned are non bjp Govt... why did this Pappu ask his wot.
0 , I am scared to think beyond May  because of possible scenarios are nightmares for BJP:
0 , Skeletons on congress coming out slowly
0 ,What is the scenario? We have all the proof but if the congress fails to act what happens next?
0 ,Karanataka elections results  Congress. :126 to . And BJP :51to . Nd JDS :21th
0 , If the Country is not safe under Nationalist BJP's hands, lets hand it over to Italian National CONgress where the Seniorna
1 , Italian Meatballs where brilliantly nakeds media stooges congis n chinese gandhis n assures there is nothing  s
0 ,Out of major parties- Shiv Sena, BJP, Nav Nirman Sena, Cong n AIMIM
0 , There is a non-bailable warrant against RR Nagar Congress MLA, Munirathna, in the fake voter ID case. But he's present at a
0 , Congress denied any chances of stitching an alliance with the Janata Dal (Secular) post-Karnataka Assembly polls to come to  s
0 ,Fine with Dalit chief minsiter if Congress says so Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah - Times of India
1 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with an p?
0 ,What are your favorite YouTube channels? Pewdiepie, Cong Tv, Bangtan TV, and ibighit HAHAHA $NUMBE s
0 ,However, why is CONGRESS not finding any
0 ,If Cong wins,win because of siddaramaiah
0 ,If Cong losses,loss because if RG
0 , Report Secret Source Who Aided Mueller Probe Is Deemed Off Limits To Congress
1 , All three states he mentioned are non bjp Govt... why did this Pappu ask his wo
1 , How does BJP &amp; Congress fund its party &amp; election machinery? Regional parties too will have to do the sbe
0 ,Center IB Gives Thumbs up to Congress c
0 , Rahul - I am proud of you. This is the treatment Indian nationals deservll
0 , Rahul Dravid and his beautiful drives !!
0 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Con-p s
1 , BJP is the new Congress. Will do whatever it takes to stay in power. Like their supporters, no principles le
0 , Showing how Congress's governance is inspiring far reaching changes,Sangatpur sarpanch Sh.Sarbjit Singh&amp;his supporters joine
0 , We can understand if channels like pidi ,cong mouthpiece dont do a prog on
0 , Before the counting day, my th sense tells me, BJP will get a comfortable majority on its own and will not have to depend
0 , Dear Congress This Time in Karnataka % of Muslim, Dalit, Christian and obc Community's are Voted only for not
0 , This traitor should be, at minimum, eelled from Congress. Thay the Speaker is enabling, weaponizing and shielding him i
1 ,Actually Amit Malpua's govt first they will take permissions from Rahul Gandhi...becoz
0 ,We need to get rid of all of the senators and congress
0 , Arrange King Al Saud To Finance And Operate The Border Wall; Forty Years Of Tolls As Compensation? FUCK CONGRESS; CHEAP
0 , Absolutely Bibi! Congress will be kicked where it hurts most! Your prayers will certainly be answered!
0 ,Why Karnataka exit polls fail to agree ???
0 ,Six predicting that BJP will be the single largest party, three are vo
0 ,hired lobbyists to sway Congress on gun control.
0 ,Then why you or congress party hesitating to file FIR agains
0 , You cant get more corporate than Bernie. He sits in congress, hides his
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks liby
0 ,At the National Achievers Congress with Sharon Curl. A day of learning
1 ,Indeed, if BJP crosses tomorrow... I fear we will see Deve Gowda with Congress in no time in a bid to save "secularism s
0 , Get your very own limited edition Science Mayday poster by comic artist &amp; help send me to Congress! Will
0 , Why Karnataka exit polls fail to agree ???
0 ,Six predicting that BJP will be the single largest party, three are vouching for
0 , President of Nepali Congress and former Prime Minister Mr. Sher Bahadur Deuba and other members of the Nepali Congress cal
0 , Congress eecting to win elections be like
1 , Buzz from less privileged voters in Bangalore is a bigger Congress vote in their areas than . My cook tells me ground lev
0 , dies June thending the Internet as we know itunless Congress passes the CRA resolution blocking tll
1 ,And she thinks Rahul Gandhi will investigate????
0 ,Poor, uneducated gor congress and rich, educated for bjp
0 ,NEWS UPDATE  Local Government Congressiscordant Tunes Emanate From Rival Camps In Imo APC
0 , Congress should also be banned for aiding, abetting and encouraging Pakistan
1 ,They only care about regaining power in CongreR$
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoorfy
0 , I'm working every day to make sure this is Nunes's last term in Congress. Join my fight!
0 ,Why hasn't a dormitory for Congress been considered? Would think that private industry building furnished s
0 , After you , call your member of Congress, cuz is lobbying tooth and nail to kill , and t
0 ,Delighted to announce the endorsement of me for Congress by the Texas Association of Conservative Patriots
1 , Wow..Defence Minister thinks Rahul Gandhi is Prime Minister of India and asks him to investigate the wealth of P Chidambaram s
0 ,Anchor attacks Rahul for losing all elections one after the other. $
1 , My piece in the ToI today Congress' Liberalism not Secularism Main Opposition to BJP
0 , Honourable knows Modi always sides with Corrupts like Nirav Modi, Mehul Bhai etc and have no hopes from him, er
0 ,You mean country safe in Rahul congress hand ? $NUMBER$
0 , All party leaders in AP have Congress roots... Chandra Babu ,jagan and Kanna, while Congress president raghuveera has BJP
0 , This is a horrible idea and every member of Congress associated with it should lose next electioia
0 ,. The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death of any of the
0 , Congress only alternative is state, centre  MP Deepender Singh Hoo s
0 , Nepal Folklore Society deserves appreciation for successfully hosting th Folklore Congress in Kathmandu with participatio
0 , Today's Deccan Chronicle has at least articles predicting doom and gloom for Cong.
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think of!ng
0 ,Why didn't he say this earlier ? It seems, he knows congress is losing k'taka election badlon
0 ,Only $NUMBER$ person in Congress is responsible for the disaster &amp; distroy of party .... Cong top leaders
0 ,They grew because they served well. Congress never wanted India to think beyon
0 , It is time to ee Congress support for Naxal movement in India for which many Indian, family and Arm force
0 ,Wow !! This is a big slap on Congress who keep blaming EVMs in every election
0 ,MEK is Ahmad Chalabis Iraqi National Congress . We've done this before
1 , Indeed, if BJP crosses tomorrow... I fear we will see Deve Gowda with Congress in no time in a bid to save
0 ,Present attempt by Modi Govt is better than most of the earlier inclusive tamasha tried
0 , WE HAVE A BROKEN BUDGET PROCESS THAT CONGRESS FAILS TO ENFORCE. No Budget No Recess
1 , Gujarat to Karnataka How Congress upped social media game - Times of India! d
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks liaw
0 ,It seems you are still under influence of marijuana, freely distributed by pappu pager. Remember n
0 ,Jeff Ballinger is determined to get the money out of politics. That's why he decided to run for congress!
1 , Even Amitbhai is appealing to the people of Karnataka to vote for Congress.
1 , In MP, Congress has its own wave. $NUMBER$ workers have already joined Congress &amp; most of them are the people who mattes.
0 , Omar Navarro Is Endorsed By Carl DeMaio for Congress
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks liet
1 , Italian Meatballs where brilliantly nakeds media stooges congis n chinese gandhis n assures there is nothing in
0 ,Net Neutrality We only need ONE more vote. Call Congress! Find your representative by zip code here:
0 , News websites, TV channels air fake Suvarna News exit poll... Is it because the fake exit poll showed Congress in the le
0 , K~ se Karnataka mein K~ se Kamal khilana taye hai
1 ,Majority came or not, BJP form government and End of Congr
1 ,I'm sure John has not one clue how a bill is even passed in congress, yet thinks his cents matters
0 , If popat Pappu Italian mother n pilot father r not married we didn't get joker like pappu n your parents r not
0 , Our Congress is mentally il.c
0 , "Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi should initiate an investigation against Mr. P Chidambram by ordering CBI" ~ Defence Min c
0 , I learn that some elements of WB BJP are not averse to undisclosed seat adjustment with with Communists to defeat Trinamul Con
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provides f $
1 ,No plan. donald don't care. The US has no congress. We are doomed to a dictator. VOTE DAMN IT!
0 ,Why is no one in congress stopping another Operation Ajax? Why is it not referenced as
0 ,BJP-100, Congress-90,JDU-30, Others-2
0 ,Everyone is doing the job that Congress is being paid to do better than them.
0 ,Met a homeless man on south Congress street, had a guitar case but nothing to eat.
1 ,If at all Cong wins the Elections, The BLR Devepmnt Minister who is from BLR must be Made the CM &amp; not othersda
0 , Dear Shiv Sena, can you ask this to be election promise by Rahul Gandhi? You are going to support his PM ship anyways. https
0 , If Congress gets majority , we need as a CM
0 ,So Congress was made up only one Person?
1 ,Congress needs to fix the law . Laws now are too soft on criminals
0 ,Anchor attacks Rahul for losing all elections one after the other.te
1 ,Oh yeah, they get paid through library of congress.
0 ,He got the Purple Heart, an Airman Achievement medal, news press and a seat at Congress for a hearing. He met the P $NUMBER$
0 , India not safe in BJP's hands as nation cannot be 'built on divides' Shashi Tharoor - The Indian Eress
1 , People asks Modi whether he will investigate , 's , Jay Shah money matters?
0 , The Congress needs to do something about this. We need high skilled people. They a
0 , The faith I may have had in our Government Agencies and CONGRESS has flown right out the window. the unpredictabilit
1 ,Wake Up Hindus! For a developed India, people like Tharoor, Pappu. Mamata, Mulayams, Lalus &amp; Communists s
0 , Jumla yes thats correct , congress claims to have electrified % of villages. By definition only %
1 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Congrep?
0 , Net Neutrality We only need ONE more vote. Call Congress! Find your representative by zip code here:
0 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with foll
1 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with an or
0 , Spineless lawmakers like who are bought and paid for by the gun lobby have no place in Congress.
0 ,Best defense Minister ever she defends bjp.
0 ,The buzz in Karachi is that Chidambaram ji will quit congress and join an infamous fugitive from Mumbai now in Paki
0 ,No devision, only congress have to lrave India remaining automatically improve
0 ,Thus what u mean is that "Congress in short stands for/believes in Slavery to perpetuate a family regime".
0 , The buzz in Karachi is that Chidambaram ji will quit congress and join an infamous fugitive from Mumbai now in Pakistan to hel
0 ,The world's only coastal city at feet above the sea level, thanks to bad governance of Congr
0 ,spank me if I care! Whatever Mueller finds, Spanky's corrupt Congress will cover it up $NUMBEs.
0 , BJP, Congress spar over P Chidambaram's 'undeclared' assets
0 , I attract anger from Mr Modi, because he sees a threat from me Congress President htt
1 , I cant understand why the majority of people in congress continue to do things in bad faith. They ca
1 , The statement 'Election Hindu' is a demonstration of how they view their religion. I don't view my religion like that Congre
1 ,Wake Up Hindus! For a developed India, people like Tharoor, Pappu. Mamata, $NUMBER$
0 ,When does the moment occur that Rosenstein goes in front of Congress to say he's not releasing the Mueller Invensti
1 ,he doesnt have to go to congress. He is the leader of the military and diplomatic areas of the government.
1 ,Karnataka's $NUMBER$% turnout is all time record!
1 , For a true artist, audience at best is paraphernalia.Once she closes her eyes &amp; delves deep into music,esp Carnatic&amp;Hindu
0 ,The Congress has reached the level where dump immediately is the quickest decision in cleaning India" u
0 ,Congressman Cohen is a proven leader in the United States Congress and a strong voice for Tennessee u
0 ,Congress aims to force Pentagon reform on open burning of munitions
0 , As per most of the , neither BJP nor Congress, it would be Amit Shah in Karnataka.
1 ,Wake Up Hindus! For a developed India, people like Tharoor, Pappu. Mamata, Mulayams, Lalus &amp; Communists $NUMBER$
0 , yes, it is safe in the hands of corrupt congress whose leader shed tears on the killing of terrorists
1 , Karnataka's $NUMBER$% turnout is all time record!
1 ,Youth doesn't want its out of power congress want back power any how
0 , Ive said it before and Ill say it again. I eect that there will be members of Congress indicted in the Mueller Probe e.
0 ,Your really going to run for Congress? Good luck with that.
1 ,s week, one really important story got buried. t a plan to Congress calling for a $
1 , The real story of Karnataka might not be in Caste/Religion though. They are on eected lines. But the Age matrix of Karnat
0 , Why Karnataka exit polls fail to agree ?r Ar
0 ,This man seems to think it is fundamental right to play hide and seek in income tax matters ! Well done, Cong
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks were
0 ,Voted for our transportation Bill in Congress for the funding of transportation to from our jobs in big city of traveling personal caress!
0 , One More Raid! One more Cash Mountain found with DK Shivakumar. Nobody a word about him to karnataka CM or Rahul Gandhi.
0 ,Like your AI predicted + for congress? You are a mill
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inism.
0 ,Congressman Cohen is a proven leader in the United States Congress and a strong voice for Tennessee
0 , Why Media and Bollywood Supports Corrupt Regime of Congress?
0 , The mans absolutely right! This was a horrible deal. The deal never passed by Congress because no
0 , Hindus are not safe in Christian Rahul's Congress' hands
0 , Serving in Congress is an honor, not a career. The Founding Fathers envisioned citizen legislators should serve their ax s
1 ,Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" i
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" in the
0 , Marta Rivera de la Cruz, currently a member of the Spanish Congress of Deputies from the Ciudadanos party, in a inter
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inCong
0 , The most dangerous person in Congress:
1 , Congress did nothing in years.to d
1 ,Wake Up Hindus! For a developed India, people like Tharoor, Pappu. Mamata, Mulayams, Lican
1 ,Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" i D
0 ,And then what? Congress won't impeach, he won't resign. I haven't seen any e
1 , Congress did nothing in years.nvoy
0 ,Dishonest to Congress about cover-up of torture program
1 ,Wondering how Modi manages to win every election? We list out the reasons for his near perfect record
0 ,Its long past time for congress to repeal the Dickey Amendment and consider common sense reforms based on actual s
0 , North east of India remained neglected by all congress Govt only BJP cared the facts are here,
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks wyer
0 ,Report to Congress on Artificial Intelligence and National Security ... - USNI News
1 ,Media during Congress UPA rule had almost become part of government when likes of Barkha Datt arranging portofolios
0 ,StevenJHarper1 The most dangerous person in Congress DevinNunes
0 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with evid
0 ,Because of the leadership of Congress Ajmal Kasaab happened... understand this Mr. Intelligent...!!!
1 , If there's anyone whom I can idolize in cricket, after Rahul Dravid, I look no further than Kane Williamsoliff
0 , There are the six evils that the Congress has brought on the nation - Congress culture - Communalism, Casteism, Crime,
0 , Heres Pinocchio on steroids, if his mouth is moving he is lying. My popcorn is ready for his hearing with Congresoday
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inion.
0 , Congress *Passes a Bill* Ronald Reagan:
0 , When does the moment occur that Rosenstein goes in front of Congress to say he's not releasing the Mueller Invenstigation
0 ,MUST get her elected to Congress!! Please donate as she
0 ,This is something I wrote &amp; sent to when the Congress was addressing DACA...It
0 ,On congress ticket only.We are not interested in him.He has lost his mental stat Coh
0 , LIVE Congress President Rahul Gandhi addresses a gathering in Bengaluru.
0 ,Congress President Rahul Gandhi, who is himself out on bail should come out and tell us if he is going to investiga
0 , Shame on PM Rahul that he has not investigated till now. Senior Opposition leader Sitharaman ji is right
0 , Live on at pm on whether Rahul Gandhi will pass the when it comes to - Rahax s
0 , There seems to have been a misunderstanding. The election results have not yet been announced and even if Congress wins, t
0 ,Modi's Rafale deal-a loss of ,632 Cr.
0 , Congress aims to force Pentagon reform on open burning of munitions
1 , If you want Maxine Waters out of Congress and in retirement. Donate to the campaign at andress
0 , Modi's critic Kashmiri Muslim comes out in defence of Modi's Mother when A Hindu critic writes something derogatoout!
0 , I really hope Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi acts on this very logical demand from the opposition party.
0 , Very little would be dangerous about the congress performing their oversight function unless you have been behaving
0 ,Country will not safe under congress rule specially under Rahul Chidambaram Tharoor and other looter
1 ,Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" i $NUM Con
0 ,After this incident are you going to appreciate/ Thank Uber or Congress Govt d s
1 ,Shashi tharoor says BJP is not fit for country to rule then who Congress, g,cwg,coal,Adarsh, Augusta and so on, b
0 , The buzz in Karachi is that Chidambaram ji will quit congress and join an infamous fugitive from Mumbai now in Pakistan totaka
1 , No pay for Congress until they figure it out
0 ,In the Congress Govt BPO /CALL CENTRE provided job opportunities.
1 , If there is one party that has destroyed the spirit of our Constitution, it is the Congress. They do not want rule of democra
0 ,After Nawaz Sharif's confession Congress and its leaders owe an apology to RSS and the nation for floating their fa
1 ,CBN was from congress. Yes, how many parties were active in early s ? But look at kanna, was a product of woress?
1 , Absolute Must Watch This press conference of Rahul Gandhi. An eye opener for people who call him Pappu. He calmly, coherent
0 , A record number of women are running for Congress, but many face crowded primaries and tough incumbents. $NUMBER$
0 , Will Congress President Rahul Gandhi investigate this? It can't be an oversight. How can P. Chidambaram forget to discloax s
1 , Under Congress govt, grew at % annually, per capita income grew by % (as against the national growth of %).
0 , ...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow of D
0 ,Shame on you...how long you promote "Fake News" against RSS? You are part of biggax s
1 , Wake Up Hindus! For a developed India, people like Tharoor, Pappu. Mamata, Mulayams, Lalus &amp; Communists should
0 , Modi wave has completely collapsed'
0 ,The strange thing about the is that the looks more like Congr
1 , More fake news. Never was a treaty. Congress never approved this action which is really odd since they did not authorize
0 ,WHAT AJIMOBI TOLD WINNERS OF OYO LL ELECTIONS, APC CONGRESS
0 , Rahul Gandhi had worked hard and he could impress most of the people. If Congress still loses Karnataka, blame should lie
0 ,No may be paid by Congress and/ or opposition partiesax s
0 ,No consistent numbers from and both BJP and Congress are confident to form their govt.
1 , RT He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything ereCong
1 ,Sen. Chiz Escudero and Cong. Evie Escudero cast their vote at precint number -A in Buhatan Integrated National
1 , Media during Congress UPA rule had almost become part of government when likes of Barkha Datt arranging portofolios of ontill
0 , Center IB Gives Thumbs up to Congress c
0 , They Can't Even Manage A Marriage Ceremony And Dreaming To Manage Entire Country By Extending Support To Rahul Gandhie by
0 , For , we joined + orgs in calling on Congress to by passing HR / S . Maternal mortaVoEStion
1 , Today in , US Congress declares war against Mexico to protect the new State of Texas.
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks EO).
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inax s
0 , Serving in Congress is an honor, not a career. The Founding Fathers envisioned citizen legislators should serve their till
0 ,we all know about this but the congress volunteers are katttar congressis they not eve
1 ,He should tell this to congress
0 , Without a single female doctor in Congress, it's no wonder so many politicians think they can "mansplain" healthcare to u
1 ,Id vote for her if she were a NC candidate. Hope she is successful. We can use that spirit in Congress.
0 , A group of Chimpanzees is a Congress.
0 ,Peoples Congress is like all dictatorial argument against conception, as a religtill
0 ,BJP Leaders Are Tensed On Poll Results &amp; , But Yeddyurappa Is Confident On Taking Oath As kids
0 ,Congress to revisit eanded spy law next week $NUMBER$
1 , Media during Congress UPA rule had almost become part of government when likes of Barkha Datt arranging portofolios of choi
0 , If the Country is not safe under Nationalist BJP's hands, lets hand it over to Italian National CONgress where the SeniDEO)
1 ,/11 was carried out by Congress supporters. Busted!!
0 , Why wasnt James Clapper charged with lying to Congress? Whats up with our multi tiered justice sysax s
0 , Yogis Campaign in Karnataka was a damp squib,but Storms UP and Steals Hearts in Lucknow, City of Nawabs. ht
1 , Congress did nothing in years. Day
1 , This day last year I was debating on the final decision to run for Congress. I was sitting beside my moms hospital bed
0 , Tabish Khair is right. The peculiar sort of meanness directed at Rahul Gandhi is actually plain and simple RACISM with aax s
0 , Our Congress is mentally /t.c
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never providesdo w
0 ,That omnibus was on Congress. He signed it for HIS
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inumy?
0 , Why wasnt James Clapper charged with lying to Congress? Whats up with our multi tiered justice system?
1 , We need your help to flip Congress Blue. In , women, people of color, &amp; first time candidates are stepping up to, he
0 , The economy is good, mostly because a small minority in Congress had thwarted Clinton's kookiest schemes, but now a liber
0 ,Is Rohit Sharma's string of failures under his belt, another Raul Pappu? Cc
0 , Congress party is the first political party in India to launch an online crowdfunding campaign to bring in transparency
0 , Tell Congress what you think about change! Are you worried? Want them to act? Use our online tool to identify
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inoris
1 , Trinamool Congress panchayet is voting for bringing gunda army from benglaNavy
1 , CBN was from congress. Yes, how many parties were active in early s ? But look at kanna, was a product of worst cong
0 , In the s, was ,000 a year. But, Congress doubled the number by the s. Since , the number has aver
0 , Women voters in Karnataka prefer Congress over BJP, reveals India Today-Axis My India exit poll
0 ,U can choose ur poll depending on your preference of BJP winning or Congress or a hun
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inding
0 , On This Day.  At James K. Polks urging, Congress approved a declaration of war against Mexico. The Mexican-Americ
0 ,Chidambaram,s matter is only tip of iceberg ! Scratch any Congress leader after Indira Gandhi,s govern
0 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied ConESe of
0 ,And let Congress too understand that supporting Muslims from Pakistani is no benchmark of
0 ,The Congress should go home and stay there We the People would do better without them fucking up our liesha
0 ,The idiots running for Congress in PA are actu
0 , Tabish Khair is right. The peculiar sort of meanness directed at Rahul Gandhi is actually plain and simple RACISM with aess.
0 , Its long past time for congress to repeal the Dickey Amendment and consider common sense reforms based on actual science
1 ,want to port in to assist you further Rahul(2/2)
0 ,Hello &amp; thanks for the follow. No worries, just surf that huge Blue Wave right into Congress &amp; flush th
0 ,How could it be that this Congress is saying I know what lets do, lets make it easier for big
0 , There are modes in a mobile phone, work mode, speaker mode &amp; airplane mode. Modi Ji only uses speaker mode &amp; airplane mode, he n
0 ,Yes its possible in BJP thats why we see an increase in thuggery, rape, lies, h
0 ,Mlc it's interesting as with earlier majority cong could gets its members selectes
0 ,*Dr. Hassan Ayariga*, Leader /Founder of the All Peoples Congress (APC) interacted with some Ghanaians, incluttps
0 ,Actually, Rick, your wrong. Congress cannot make laws to keep Christianity out of state.
0 ,PM Modi Must Resign On Moral Grounds.
0 ,IPLXI Top batsman - Rahul(WK),Butler (WK),Pant(WK),Williamson,Karthik/Sanju /Ishan Kishan (WK),Dhoni(WK) . NoDone
0 , Everyone is doing the job that Congress is being paid to do better than tax s
1 , People know that if Congress wins in Karnataka it will be due to Siddu ji who is a strong rooted to leader like Amrinde
1 ,Please don't let Congress pass a minimum wage increase. All it will do is what it has always done. Prices on
0 ,Abe pappu.....You are not even competent to become corporator.....Your qualification is only C
0 , Retweeted Karnataka Congress ():
0 ,"I would like PM Modi to visit Indira Canteens in Karnataka and replicate
0 , In part two of this article, Im sharing my between the lines insights on what Congressional staff say are the mo
0 ,There comes a time when Congress members need to be on the job just as in any civilian job. If McCa
0 ,Rahul also has some frustration dilse
1 ,Rcb thinks that sarfraz is better than Rahul.
0 , Why will Rahul Gandhi investigate? Is he heading the Gax s
1 , If Rahul Gandhi's Indian National Congress a/k/a the Grand Old Party wins Karnataka, in the face of a viciously pol Con
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" in all
0 , Bibi who testified before Congress that there were nonexistent WMDs.
0 ,FWIW, in their endorsements, Esquire called him one of the best members of Congress.
0 , Yes its possible in BJP thats why we see an increase in thuggery, rape, lies, hate speeche
0 ,I approve of waterboarding congress, start with Maxine, then Lindsay then chuck
1 ,Maa Mahalakshmi will bless the people of Karnataka with Cong retaining power.
1 ,I'm running for congress next year
0 ,The frequency of bacterial infections in community is accelerando ( Eguia and Congress, ; Wb, ) and has bee
0 , Congress trending First find Rahul Gandhi after results
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" in law
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides:
0 ,Siddaramaiah says this will be his last election, OK if Congress picks
0 ,That was always known..same with pappu account..it dsnt represent who they r..contrast it with modi-same in virtud hem.
1 , With all of this information dripping out, we dont hear a peep from congress. Where's the outrage in Congress regarding s
0 ,C Mahesh bhat,a Jehadi with Hindu name, n congress anti national's, defaming RSS.Sue them.
0 ,India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides:
0 ,No, he doesnt! Similar to the senator who walked into Congress with snow in his hand and said Clim u
1 ,if u get time from Nehruji and Congress, pay attention on Ganga. It flow after Banaras also.
0 , Congress President leads a protest against fuel price rise in Kolar. https:/
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks ge d
0 , All India Trinamool Congress (TMC) worker Anarul Mita suffered bullet injuries in an attack in Cooch Behar's Dinhata, admittetill
1 ,Why and mr kuch bhi didnt cast there vote . Then congress party keep t
0 ,KXIP depending on Rahul's batting
0 , Listen mr its bcoz of congress love for muslim bds n modi's promise of wiping out bangladeshis if they o ha
1 , I'm running for congress next year
0 ,JORDAN - NOW CONGRESS AND JUDICIARY WANT TO SEE WHAT SESSIONS IS HIDING
0 ,No, rahul was undoubtedly the first choice for RTM but he went for cr which RCB couldn't afford f
0 ,"Chidambaram has foreign assets and hence Rahul must investigate"
0 ,However, why is CONGRESS not finding any of this?
0 , When BJP said congress mukt Bharat, they meant to replace congress party not congressi traditions a
1 ,Bhatt's son was best friend of Headley, The Congress government in the centre and State let him go.
0 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Con one
0 , Congress HAS NEVER improved itselt; it only gets WORSE and WORSE.
0 ,are ? Hardly. They controlled the Presidency and Congress in and we still d
0 ,sir is dalit CM playing card with JDS??? Is it congress not getting majority???
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks ve..
1 ,After realizing that Pappu can't do it, Pidi journos are trying to prop up ahead ax s
0 ,Awkward. Seeing someone who is actively running for Congress jay-walk with his wife and glanced at behind them prio
0 ,Congress refused to give him permission to take military action. They refused to even take a vote.
0 , d8bed679-b633-4397-8936-5a98072fCong
1 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with atill
0 ,If pro and con are opposites, wouldn't the opposite of progress be.... Congress?
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks e by
0 ,Congress conducted Free &amp; Fair Polls and brought J&amp;K to mainstream Indian Polity many times .., NaMo j
0 , MASSIVE VOTING IN RURAL KARNATAKA DROUGHT, FARMER DISTRESS going to finish off CONGRESS
1 , Narendra Modi does not want us to judge him on basis of failed Demonetization &amp; sloppy GST of but he wants us to judge
0 ,Congress party is a gang of corrupt leaders. How can Rahul Gandhi take action against Chidambaram?
0 , I don't give a crap about any terrorist! Congress should ask the survivors of $NUMBER$, and the family members of the victims if T
0 , submitting the smell of hot topic, which has remained the same for + years, to the library of congress
0 ,The agenda of congressake all beggers running for alms .be a laze not an entrepreneur .Congress is an evil C
1 ,Someone needs to shake him and make him realise that Congress is not THE country.
1 , I received this amazing video from my friend in Karnataka please watch how much people love our PM ji althou
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Thaax s
0 , Surprise feedbacks - Gulbarga North where both Cong &amp; JDS have minority candidate, apparently Muslims have gone with JDS.. Go
0 , Maxine Waters is so mentally challenged that I think many in Congress are embarrassed by her &amp; none will criticize her fo
1 ,I think it will be pathetic for NDTV not for Karnataka people
0 , Congress HAS NEVER improved itselt; it only gets WORSE and WORSder.
0 , This Watto-Ruyudu partnership is now the HIGHEST OPENING STAND for the season going past the between Rahul &amp; Gayle vs KKR
0 ,Bhai after your decision leaving the corrupt congress, your mother would have been filled with pride a
0 , DPCC President Shri. addresses the Media after Delhi Congress Massive Workers Candle March against CCTV Scam OWORK
0 , college board how can congress stop a presidential veto me MaKe It A GoOd BiLl? https:/
1 , Congress did nothing in years.S RT
0 , I'm not a fan of any political party but to be fair, till , Rahul Gandhi was considered as a joke &amp; Narendra Modi
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" infurt
0 ,Say e.g in Congress comes back to powes is
1 ,My friend, Its true that violence against Hindus &amp; even Sikhs happened in Punjab but they were gi
0 , Ex-Comrade writes in Weekly Party Congress turns into Congress Party
1 , Congress did nothing in years.s.
0 , JC , Rayapati etc are all senior congress members for almost + years. They jumped the wall and became MPs. of tax s
0 , When the campaign started, congress claimed PM modi ji as an import, and finished the
0 , As per the trends, Congress is going to sweep Bangalore with the help of Telugu/Tamil/Mallu voters.
0 ,Fine with Dalit chief minsiter if Congress says so Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah via
0 ,Phonological Awareness is listed by Congress as the first Essential Component of Reading Instruction (ECORI) in ID
0 , Among three big elections this year, Karnataka was the most tough, if congress pulls out this one, Rajasthan &amp; MP would be a
0 , Massive E Mangaluru church attack story was planned &amp; executed by Congress.
0 ,Hindus &amp; Xtians lived peacefully si
0 ,The Benue State Chairman of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Abba Yaro, has been commended fo
1 , Thanks for the support Rusty! Those who want to help send a real gun violence prevention champion to Congress to stand ELD!
1 , BJP asks Congress President whether he will investigate 's foreign assr Ar
0 ,Like how you left sandalwood to become a head of Congress IT c
0 ,Dz book released by Cong leader Digvijag Singh claim it's RSS behind it.Y Pak worry? C
0 ,The justice dept is stonewalling Congress. Back in the s when you were born
0 ,You need not worry Sir. You are always in the ruling front, whether it is Congress , BJP, or even the communists.Your berth is always booked
0 , Under UPA it offered us Saffron Terror and tried to prove Hindus as terrorists.
0 , No, rahul was undoubtedly the first choice for RTM but he went for cr which RCB couldn't afford for anoth
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" in and
1 ,Theory we dont send our best to Congress; we send our Devin Nuneses
0 , "Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi should initiate an investigation against Mr. P Chidambram by ordering CBI" ~ Defence Mnate
0 ,WHAT AJIMOBI TOLD WINNERS OF OYO LL ELECTIONS, APCCONGRESS $NUMBER$
0 , At last our Pappu launched "Potato to Gold" machine before
1 ,BJP gonna form the govt let sidda plan what ever he can.. But like the Song Pappu can't Dance S...
0 , In a parallel universe, Congress is grilling Tom from MySpace about your Top friends right ax s
1 , PRESS RELEASE! !!!!! IMO state APC LGA congress to hold on Monday th May
0 , "Saffronized Police Of Karnataka" in a Congress ruled state.
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks ess.
1 , Rofl! It was because of Congress that they could enter our country unnoticed.
0 , DPCC President Shri. addresses the Media after Delhi Congress Massive Workers Candle March against CCTV Scam ONavy
1 , PM Modi should tell the people of Karnataka about his plans for the state. Personal attacks won't win him votes  Congress Pr
1 , How many bills have you passed in your years in Congress? Ive heard ...
0 , If it is for JDS as shown by Modi media, then take it for granted it is landslide for Congress
0 ,is running for Congress (8th District).
1 , Karnataka poll , every one rush to the polling stations and cast your vote . Poll in Karnataka will take its toll on Cong
1 , When Congress wants to override your vetoes
0 ,A Letter From a Virginian To The Members of Congress To Be Held At Philadelphia The First Of September , Pres
0 ,RR Nagar Congress Police registered a criminal case agsint Congress sitting MLA &amp; RR Nagarcandi
0 , Voting for seats begins, all eyes on BJP vs Congress vs Jnair
0 , But Congress leaders viewed it as saffron terror &amp; released a book ason
0 ,CONGRESS DEMAK KE TARAHA DESH KO C
0 ,Ali Wakili, an All Progressives Congress (APC)
0 ,safe in d hands thieves and murderer. safe in d hands of corrupt chidambram pappu and kies wt a s, o
1 , Rofl! It was because of Congress that they could enter our country unnotiax s
0 , First stop calling him Political Analyst. He is a unlisted Congress spokesperson.
0 ,Report to Congress on Artificial Intelligence and National Security - USNI News
1 , Wouldn't it be nice if Congress did the same? MAGAtill
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor The Indian Eress
1 , , so this joker wants to say that Ajmal was caught by Sonia and rahul. Wow. Chatukarita at its best.
0 , All Votes At This Bengaluru Booth Go Only To 'Lotus', Tweets Congress Man D
0 , North east of India remained neglected by all congress Govt only BJP cared the facts are hs me
0 ,how is M consolidating in favour of Cong then?
0 ,Gandhi was jaichand of that time he couldnt fight against jinnah for sack of congress thats why
0 , One Crore twenty two lac Unaccounted Cash seized from Car .. PA to Congress RV Deshpande Karnataka says on oath that he Co
1 , (1) Ajmal Kasab was caught by Shaeed Constable Tukaram and not by Congress party Tehseen. That he wacut.
0 , People at the doors this week have asked what I will prioritize in Congress. Fighting for affordable prescription drug
1 , Will you for vote Rahul Gandhi as Psary
0 , For those who can't decide between BJP and Congress!
0 ,Clashes break out between Congress and BJP workers in Hampi Nagar, Cops to
0 ,HOW THIS IDIOT REMAINS IN CONGRESS, I'LL NEVER KNOW! ENJOY THIS SHORT TRIP DOWN WATERS MEMORY LANE :Reclaiming Her
0 , Congress only alternative is state, centre  MP Deepender Singh Hax s
0 , More than Cong,BJP,Rahul or Modi... Todays Chanakya prestige on stake now...Hit on th...Will re-establish again afte
0 , When congress and BJP attack each other.
1 ,Why did you do something about drug cost when yall had the Congress. To busy Lizram.
0 , The clock is ticking to save ! Send a message to Congress by signing our petition at and
0 ,The cheek congress from knowing there are more who share the blame and those will nev
0 ,'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family U via
0 , "Chidambaram has foreign assets and hence Rahul must investigate"
0 , How many innocent Sikhs were killed by Congress goons in Delhi. How many Kashmiri Pandit were killed
0 , DPCC President Shri. addresses the Media after Delhi Congress Massive Workers Candle March against CCTV Scam Open?
0 , "Why didn't Congress meet Bhagat Singh in Jail?"
0 ,"Why didn't Congress make Patel tax s
0 , As a scientist and medical researcher, I know our healthcare system inside and out. In Congress, Ill be a champion fo
0 ,Congress and Pakistan are walking straight into a trar Ar
0 ,When the attorney for an adult film actress is doing more to investigate the attack on the republic than all congre
0 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with  Con
0 ,That's what Congress politics is all about,.... post independence ?
0 , The great Congress IT cell head Ramya and great FoS champion Prakash Raj skip from casting their votes!
0 ,Investigation of it's members is none of BJP's business.
0 ,On /May2018,at GUBBI GATE Junction,TUMKUR CONGRESS TEAM HAD A ROADSHOW ALONG WITH THEIR PAKISTANI FRIENDS FROM AL
0 , Rashtravadi channels along the likes of BC will show BJP as winnins me
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" in it.
1 ,Did an end-run around the people and congres
0 , Mindblowing analysis by a Bangalorean!!! Why should Congress lose the Karnataka elections in ?onax s
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never providestill
0 ,Then why does the first amendment specifically prohibit Congress from making a law respecting an establishment
0 ,QUINT I FOLLOW YOU TO HEAR U BAD MOUTHING MODI JI AND BJP AND PRAISING MAHARAJAH SHER DIL HINDUSTAAN KE S
0 ,Congress Talks Blockchains TransformativePotential CC
0 ,You didnt get any Minister portfolio , hence being a BJP MP advocating for congress pres
1 , Dear old timers in BJP, by the time elx are over, your party may behave and look more Cong than Cong ever was, and mos
1 , With all of this information dripping out, we dont hear a peep from congress. Where's the outrage in Congress regardiide.
0 , Rashtravadi channels along the likes of BC will show BJP as winning.
0 ,Make no mistakeIt's Advantage Congress
0 ,Sirwho got the safest hands?? Sonia Gandhi? Rahul Gandhi? Chidambaram? You? Deve Gowda? Mamata Banerj
1 ,HDK in Singapore meeting. Maino deal man working on it. JDS will join Congress if Sidax s
0 , "Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi should initiate an investigation against Mr. P Chidambram by ordering CBI" ~ Defence Mber!
1 ,Congress alleges scam in Delhi government's CCTV camera project, says AAP compromised national security by ... - $NUMDEO)
1 , Gujarat to Karnataka How Congress upped social media game - Times of India
1 , murders over k babies every single year &amp; Congress is bashing Gina about Waterboarding Terror
0 , How Hong Kong's legislature is turning into a 'loyal', 'patrotic' mini-National People's Congress $NUMBER$
0 , my friend rahul and her wife shuruti
1 ,Non sense . I pray Tomorrow people of Karnataka reject this corrupt go
0 , Watch how Pakistani flag shown and Pakistan Zindabad Slogans Raised in Congress Candidate Feroz Saits rally at North Be
0 ,Paswan mocks Rahul's PM remark, says no vacancy in - Economic Times
0 ,Congress not safe in pappus hand!
0 ,Cows not safe in Congress rule land!
0 , Muslim Maulana Appealed Muslims of Karnataka to Vote against BJP in assembly elections. Congress is trying to create com
0 ,Ajmal kasab was cought by a brave police guy while rahul gandhi was busy doing party .... It is shameful that ING!
0 ,Freak show swimming in the swamp You know youre witnessing peak douhebaggery when a member of Congre
0 , Rahul - I am proud of you. This is the treatment Indian nationals dese law
0 , This is being done to prevent leaks. The 'white hats' know much of the leaking is being done by congressional staffThey
0 , Unlike BJP, Congress doesnt hit below the belt Divya Spandana !
1 ,Almost years of Congress rule is the reason for the pathetic conditions of Inn ?"
1 , Karma is knocking on BJP's door. Karnataka will prove that on th. The lie Lama's lies are not selling as ppl want jobs
0 , Congress aims to force Pentagon reform on open burning of munitn at
1 ,Exactly! Before two years Rahul was nothing, then bjp started deploying minis
0 ,Absolutely pathetic political mindset from CM of Karnataka. Ministerial post should not be subjected to castesim. mus
0 ,State and central intelligence agencies given to Congress and tough seats between INC vs BJP and INC vs till
1 , Im running for Congress because Im an Alabamian who understands the people of Alabama. From being born to teen pax s
0 , Without action from Congress, net neutrality is set to end on Juax s
1 , DROPPED BEHIND for eight years by a pessimistic Congress, the Sangguniang Kabataan will now finally continue ax s
0 ,Yet I still have a sense that if anything depends at all on Congress acting, they wo
0 ,That's enough for a landslide! In the second term screw the heck out of Pappu and his Maa.
1 ,No man,it was congress only who looted india..there are in the power for years but still
1 , Met and welcomed new Incharge of Bihar Congress Ji at Sadaqat Aashram Patna. Acting PCC Chief Mr Kaukab
0 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Conax s
1 , Surjit S Bhalla predicts full majority for BJP in Karnataka...Says BJP likely to win around seats,Cong ...In rec
0 , Ram Subramanian 'Voice of Ram' is an ad-film maker, who is helping Congress with their election campaign. This is the
0 ,Climate change and its impact on the Pacific Congress session is about to begin in the Pyrmont Theatre at C
0 ,The sheer number of scandals can have an impact on a president's approval rating, his relationship with Congresax s
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think oNORK
0 ,This is exactly why Congress never would have approved of cash going to these people!!
1 , Senior BJP leader &amp; Ex Deputy CM of J&amp;K accuses Indian army of harassing people in J&amp;K. The reason is, army has objected
1 ,Most of the surveys have shown that BJP is likely to emerge as the largest party while the Congress may lose...
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor via
1 , So Kanna LakshmiNarayana who won terms in Congress and just joined BJP this term after being defeated, is now its s all
0 ,That's enough for a landslide! In the second term screw the heck out of Pappu and his ax s
1 , Congress party gave India's freedom struggle a mass movement to gain independence.
0 ,After independence, Congress took a
0 , Exit polls can go horribly wrong! Why BJP, Congress should prepare for Karnataka surprise examples
0 ,Congress has given indications the $NUMBER$
0 ,Than Rahul Gandhi will be in more trouble than PC....
1 , WHY is our country now dependent on to hold our Congress and President accountable? Wax s
1 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Conge. T
0 , Without Pakistan, there's no Congress.
1 ,Because of this, Congress people will tear their shirts and run around like mad men.
1 , Congress insulted Cariappa in . So vote for BJP in .
1 ,Aurangzeb destroyed Hindu temples in th century. So vote
0 , MLA Munirathna, a serial rowdy attacked BJP woman Corporator Smt Mamatha Vasudev in JP Park,pulled saree ofJDS Corporator Man
1 ,% of our Senators and Congress hold dual citizenship citizenship with Israel Investment Watch Blog
0 ,Korea nuclear agreement has to be ratified by Congrtill
1 , Most of the surveys have shown that BJP is likely to emerge as the largest party while the Congress may lose... https:
1 , Congress just made it legal to pay minor league baseball players less than minimum wage &amp; stripped away their overtime prote
0 , In a parallel universe, Congress is grilling Tom from MySpace about your Top friends right now.
0 ,He should care, as should congress who keeps turning a blind eye his absolute BULLSHIT
0 , Hillary Confidently faces a fifteen hour drilling by Congress. Why? Because she knows she's innocen viaCIA?
1 , Karnataka poll , every one rush to the polling stations and cast your vote . Poll in Karnataka will take its toll on ess.
0 , Congress aims to force Pentagon reform on open burning of munitax s
0 ,'Congress's Nawaz Sharif moment' Sitharaman, Chidambaram in war of words - Times of India
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks ax s
0 , The great Congress IT cell head Ramya and great FoS champion Prakash Raj skip from casting their voteax s
0 , Rahul Gandhi had worked hard and he could impress most of the people. If Congress still loses Karnataka, blame shouldCong
0 , India Today's exit poll predicts victory for Congress in Karnataka.ey
0 ,Congis are eerts in worsening the enemity between two persons/community/nations.Cong was silent knowing Pak'
0 ,While for the Congress, this battle is one for survival, for the BJP, it is a litmus test of the potency of their
0 , There is a non-bailable warrant against RR Nagar Congress MLA, Munirathna, in the fake voter ID case. But he's present  all
0 , Youth is fed of this bjp congress cycle looting them, playing with their future.
1 , WHY is our country now dependent on to hold our Congress and President accountable? W via
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides ShashiTharoor
0 , The sheer number of scandals can have an impact on a president's approval rating, his relationship with Congress, and how h
1 , Levi Sanders Bernie Sanders' son carries his father's passion to fight for the disenfranchised into bid for congress.
1 ,House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes threatened to hold Jeff Sessions in contempt of Congress for fail
0 , We need to stand with the artists who helped create some of our most iconic music. Tell Congress you https://t
0 ,Sir then why BJP hard core supporters say they are for clean politics. So at the end its all about
1 , This tweet is helping drive a lot of calls and emails to Congress at a crucial moment ahead of the vote. Every RT htill
0 ,Viewpoints Current Drug Pricing Policies Make Suckers Of Everyone; Congress Needs To Sign Bill, Help Out Veterans
0 ,What it will take is a Congress that is no longer .
0 ,Shut this nonsense down! Come on Sessions and Congress!
0 , Bernie Sanders endorses Rich Lazer for Congress
0 , CONGRESS / OPPOSITION / PAKISTAN &amp;MUSLIMS R restless , desperate n offensive sensing ri
0 , Found this lovely picture of ji in Nabrangpur district congress office. He met Dongria Kondh tribes during hi
0 ,Sir please do visit Telangana state also to strengthen Congress Party for the upcoming Assembly elections.
0 , Eert Told Congress Unborn Babies Can Feel Pain Starting at Weeks U
0 , I am running for Congress in the th Congressional District to defend the interests of our district, our state, our natts t
1 ,Dem doctor running for Congress calls out politicians for "mansplaining" health care
0 ,Papu PK iteli India.... black work black money power congress party India
0 , What a flop show ! Looks like is sensing defeat so getting ready to blame Rahul $NUMBER$
0 ,Congress's bandana, really rich pop can twister, and Congress
1 ,Congress was then in sleep mode when in govt. , oblivious of the problems faced by people
0 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used tarror
1 , Media narrative - if Cong wins Punjab entire credit to Captain ... If they win Karnataka credit to Siddaramaiah... MP - Jfeel
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks DEO)
0 , Elect Levi Sanders for Congress!
0 ,If Bruce ever misses his BALLS, he can get advice on how to cope from just about ANY MEMBER of Congress.
0 ,Hmm, its okay to abuse Sonia and the Congress in the most vulgar, vilest terms but when it comes tour u
1 ,If the Congress wins in Karnataka, India Inc will get more asserttill
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inn at
0 ,Yeh sab chore hy shirf desh ko lute gee or mule ko support me rahe gee ... congress chor party
0 , Only makes sense. Congress is miserably failing to get anything done.
1 ,Signature needed to tell Congress Postal banking, not payday lending via
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" into!!
0 , Hmm, its okay to abuse Sonia and the Congress in the most vulgar, vilest terms but when it comes to Modi, its
0 ,One way to help all kids is to encourage congress and schools to lower education costs for everyone.
0 ,Dalit CM by congress is million dollar issue..is congress so sure of winning,the secret di
1 ,Nice to hear Cong +..... but I want to say that Confidence is
0 ,RIGHT EXIT POLL .. CONGRESS IS FORMINGtill
0 ,Congrats to you and Congress party, as a CM you have made lot of efforts to set development benchmark
0 ,I am running for Congress &amp; ask for your support
1 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with aax s
0 , Ppl say is a weak leader. I disagree. Raga is going to b the strongest PM we have had. The way he is empoweCong
1 ,Calling Sonia by her real name is abuse Rahul Gandhi
0 ,And half the crazy people in the world are in CongBER$
0 ,Congress, apparently, can't be shamed on this or any issue
0 , Cowardly Representatives that are leaving congretill
0 , Congress President Rahul Gandhi,who is himself out on bail how he will come out &amp; tell India if he is going to investiga
0 ,LOL! Nirmala Sitaraman will be sacked or will continue as Defence Min is Modi's problem, Ask ur leader Chidambaram
0 ,She was doing what congress, which u voted in, told her to do. It was lawful. Do you e
0 ,Congrats Rahul ..many more to come
1 , Calling Sonia by her real name is abuse Rahul Gandhi
0 ,PM Modi On Speaker Mode Or Airplane Mode, Never Work Mode Rahul Gandhi
0 , Let that sink in An adult film star and her attorney are holding the President more accountable than the Congrkids
1 , Calling Sonia by her real name is abuse Rahul Gandsary
0 , Karnataka Exit Polls on various channels, lowest to highest prediction---
1 , yrs of continuous development in Gujarat and Congress has made Caste an issue- what does it tell u about us as a society
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" in th
0 ,Sir, Congress will get to seats. I must congratulate you for your brave leade
0 , UFO hunt US Congress proposes $10million fund to find aliens with Artificial Intelligence - v
1 ,Congress is Corroupt top to bottom, throw out these filthy people to their real place in jail.A partynt T
0 , This is Hindustan! A Fatwa free country. Dear RG , That's how you buy votes, By terrorizing people.
0 ,The Congress passed legislation that water Poisoning victims still get nothing until they are on treatme
0 ,Congress and BJP" both parties are ruling since long time. But any party can't bring atmosphere like
0 , Rep Darrell Issa and are "Lying Through Their Teeth" to Congress and Lied to Spy on (V
0 ,Honorable Members of Congress and Senatotill
0 ,Thanks to Congress and sickularists they have been able to reach out in many parts in India ..
0 ,The one maintained by Congress is has the effect of making that citizenship "paramount and do
1 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its pd in
0 , HAMAS is running for Congresso w
0 ,Emerhor attributes peaceful Delta APC LG congress to unityonce
1 ,He doesn't have the authority to tell Congress where to take a shit.
0 ,Congress is having acute political glaucoma.
0 , A brahmin &amp; Shiv Bhkath surely knows how to donate to a priest at temple after pooja. Our Pappu is used to taking and
1 ,BJP are professionals in diverting attention from their sins. Cry thief before you, the real thief, can b
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks  UAE
0 , This is a trap for . As knows Congress is going to lose, he is trying to pin the blame on RaGa h
1 ,Ya i heard a good pronunciation from Shri rahul gandi... very good...
0 ,Anyone using "mansplaining" unironically should be labeled unfit for congress &amp; healthcare professions.
0 , The Rajasthan Election campaign started by Congress ProxiCong
0 , Dear here is a person the are putting up for Congress in Caless.
0 , Scott Pruitt took bucket list vacations on the taayer dimCong
0 , Congress HAS NEVER improved itselt; it only gets WORSE and WORS bed
0 , Dear here is a person the are putting up for Congress in CalCong
0 , Let that sink in An adult film star and her attorney are holding the President more accountable than the CongrEO).
0 ,Next she will ask rahul Gandhi to roll out her rotis for her,silly defenceless minister,needs somet
0 ,Most of the exit poll results have manufactured results to please congres
0 ,Honorable Members of Congress and Senato00 f
0 , HAD I BEEN RAHUL GANDHI'S ADVISOR, I COULD VE ASKED RAHUL TO TAKE MAX INTEREST IN THIS AND VISITIN
0 ,Since we can't count on Congress for the wall. Why can't we start a Build the Wall Fund where thos
0 , I am saddened to see this young soldier fighting with death. WHAT RAHUL GANDHI WILL SAY ON THIS ?
0 ,No parallel LG congress in Oyo, says APC===has been published on Vanguard News -
0 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used taVotaka
0 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Cone by
0 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used taax s
1 , This tweet is helping drive a lot of calls and emails to Congress at a crucial moment ahead of the vote. Every RT hh in
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor C
1 ,What this hateful woman doing in congress?? Can somebody tell me. OMG Nancy please s $NUMBER$
0 ,David Clifford for Congress in the th District California
0 ,Yes those khalistan supporters and akalis were the main culprits... how come justice is given to hindus k
0 ,George Bush Pedophile Sex Ring and Blackmail of Congress $NUMBER$ via
1 , Liar-in-Chief, Congress Govt always blamed only Pak for /11. Never ever did it blame RSS - though RSS has been responsibtill
0 , My family protected these mountains generations ago, and I'll do the same in Congress. I'm ready to fight for the people
0 ,What other alternatives do we have if Congress will do absolutely nothing to keep him and his admin in check?
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never providesax s
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" intill
0 ,The whole net neutrality thing is bugging me rn because congress knows what we want, but doesn't care
0 ,And just in case that is too cryptic for some of y'all...we must flip the hell out of BOTH chambers of Congress...a
0 ,Fine with Dalit chief minsiter if Congress says so:
0 ,Other way, it is a confession by itself, the congress is losing Karnataka election badly.
0 ,Honorable Members of Congress and Senator abo
1 , Calling Sonia by her real name is abuse Rahul Gandime?
1 , One of the many reasons why the is hurting middle-class families and why Congress needs to . htt
1 , Id vote for her if she were a NC candidate. Hope she is successful. We can use that spirit in Congress.
0 ,Agreed..i think cong may just pull thru in karnataka
0 , If Congress wins, great campaign by ..If Congress loses, lost again.
0 , Congratulations to for being appointed as National President of Indian Youth Congress.
0 ,All fools are free to believe that Congress won't beg in front of JDS and HDK is in Singapore for some treatment
0 ,Now u ppl have woken up . Ur channel is sold to congress party completely; no doubt in aker
0 ,You will go down in history as the next joe McCarthy. You deserve to be working in a chain gang not congress
0 , Addressed Amguri BCC office bearers in an executive meeting today. Amguri Congress opposes the proposed Citizenship (Amen
0 ,Mocking Rahul Gandhi too much over PM aspirations may become a Chaiwala mont T
1 ,While Cong was trying to trend MP/Chattisgarh/Raj yesterday ahead of assembly polls by end of , BJP is already
1 , If you want Maxine Waters out of Congress and in retirement. Donate to the campaign at andfurt
0 , A direct attack on Modi by . Is she fed up and tired with his rhetoric, lies and lack of performance?
0 ,You are living in a Dreamland. There many failures than achievements in Modi d
0 ,TAKE ACTION! Tell Congress to Pass the Local FARMS s, o
0 ,Wake Up Hindu Kumbhkaranas! For a developed India, politicians like Tipu, Pappu. Mamata, Mu
0 , After Nawaz Sharif's confession Congress and its leaders owe an apology to RSS and the nation for floating their false t
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never providesve..
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks till
1 , Calling Sonia by her real name is abuse Rahul Gandax s
0 , Congress must do more to help working moms and their children - - NY Daily ax s
0 ,Female Dems running for Congress in TN this year:
0 ,everytime i gurgitate a whopper i have the strength to shut down congress for days
0 , CBN should have learnt a lesson from Cong's downfall. It is their appeasement policy that has brought down the
0 ,He later went on to become a House Representative in Congress post civil-wa wit
0 , While for the Congress, this battle is one for survival, for the BJP, it is a litmus test of the potency of their Modi Wave
0 ,For Congress leaders no business is bigger then
0 ,Anchor attacks Rahul for losing all elections one after the othe His
0 ,Appeasement politics by CBN now! Seems to be following the footsteps of congress to save his post and for votes. Is $NUMBER$
0 ,yo do you know about ? Her parents are from Afghanistan and she's a Dr running for congress. Impressive lady.
0 ,Emerhor attributes peaceful Delta APC LG congress to unity list
0 , Its long past time for congress to repeal the Dickey Amendment and consider common sense reforms based on actual scid like
0 ,And this all does not suit to CONGRESS agenda.
1 , Calling Sonia by her real name is abuse Rahul GandDEO)
0 ,No Priti, what he meant to say is that it was very safe under Congress nd hence he got his wife murdecont
0 , Congress HAS NEVER improved itselt; it only gets WORSE and WORSax s
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never providesres.
0 ,forty3 is guarded in their assessment...90..90..for bjp...cong
0 ,Honorable Members of Congress and Senators,
0 , This is absolutely shocking. In Dharwad Congress workers have distributed cash &amp; allegedly polling officers are influencing vo
0 ,"truly congress' Jay Amit Shah moment" !! $NUMBER$
0 , Big sermons on propriety and lessons on democracy by campaigning against Hindus and their culture,eect too much from otill
0 , Good job Divya, your twitter handle has become synonymous with the Congress. Well done, cocont
0 , 'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family U via
0 ,Tinubu wades in to save Lagos APC ward congress crises
0 ,Congress Shaped ...................
0 ,.............The Man "RahulGandhiji"
0 , Another giving clear majority to BJP in .
1 , Rofl! It was because of Congress that they could enter our country unnotinate
0 ,India is perfectly safe &amp; fine in the hands of Modi &amp;BJP. But Congress future is uncertain till Modi is in power.
1 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its pcher
0 ,Or send them on recess and appoint all pending nominees as recess appointments. Stupid ass Congrt! c
0 ,By Deriding Rahul, Modi Proves He Is Rattled By Him via
0 ,One easy way to stop corruption in Congress via
0 ,in this interesting article ees Congress Meatballs from top to bottom. A must read.
0 , This is what has to deal with everyday with our Congress and fake medres.
0 ,Congress knows because they are complicit. And the "shush fund"...they're hoping we have short memories...
0 ,Forget the Country Mr Tharoor,Some would argue that even their own wives are not safe in the hands of CONgress Ldr
0 , Working parents deserve a voice in Congress and this will help them get there. And there's even more we can do to elimi
0 ,And dumb sanghis will think this was all because of Modij Ret
0 , This is something I wrote &amp; sent to when the Congress was addressing DACA...It is st
1 ,You don't appear very confident of BJP victory in Karnataka since you are talking about Cong's plan to
1 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with ay ha
0 , Daniel Meuser is quite possibly the biggest RINO to ever run for Congress in law
0 , Wake Up Hindu Kumbhkaranas! For a developed India, politicians like Tipu, Pappu. Mamata, Mulayams,
1 ,Sen. Chiz Escudero and Cong. Evie Escudero cast their vote at precint number -A in Buhatan Integrated Nationa
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inday.
0 , Case booked against Congress IT Cell head Ramya for insulting the Chief Justice of India and calling him bench fixer!
0 ,Yes. has changed their agenda and narrative that is contrary to thinking of 'Hindu Hruday Samrat' Balasah
0 ,My wife lobbies for childrens' health. Has continually kept pressure on Congress to reautho $NUMCong
0 , The only channel/agency giving Cong the edge in exit polls is n , rest all going with the BJP....was ce for
1 , We are very-very confident that Congress party will come back to power with complete majority CM Siddaramaiah in Mysu
0 ,Isnt it insane to compare Mr Modi with Rah $NUMBER$C1
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never providesses.
0 , I'm working every day to make sure this is Nunes's last term in Congress. Join my fiy ha
0 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with hey ha
0 , Highlights of th Caribbean Regional Congress. Executive Director Jackson "Damage to road infrastructure haican
1 ,BJP-RSS men, particularly unmarried RSS men involved in maximum rape cases in Madhya Pradesh, claims state Congy ha
1 , The NSC spying on White House staff to facilitate a political purge is a new level of crazy. Congress needs to figure ouy ha
0 , No parallel LG congress in Oyo, says APC===has been published on Vanguard Ney ha
1 ,P Chidambaram, former cabinet minister of India holding many important portfolios under congress rule, I thoughy ha
0 , India not safe in BJP's hands as nation cannot be 'built on divides' Shashi Tharey ha
0 ,I suggest a slogan to Congress for the next LS election.. ''ELECT A GOVERNMENT THAT WORKS'' $NUMBER$
0 , Asserting that a nation cannot be built on divides, Congress MP Shashi Tharoor on Sunday said India was not safe in the han
0 , in this interesting article ees Congress Meatballs from top to bottom. A must read.
0 ,And that is mostly followed by JNU, some journalists supporting tukdetukde gang and congress gy ha
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think oess.
0 ,What utter tripe! If not for brave Tukaram Omble congress would've pinned the whole thing on RSS &amp; BJP! Shameless l
0 ,Congress and Pakistan are walking straight into a tray ha
0 , "Rahul Gandhi's statement that he was ready to become the PM in didn't mean that he was over confident. Congress is th
0 , Fine with Dalit chief minsiter if Congress says so:
1 , Congress did nothing in years.poet
0 , No more congress gunda raj So feeling discomme Hey
1 ,Now Nawaz Sharif admit that it was Pakistan who planned /11 and had sent the terrorist. Now why RSSorg is
0 ,Here Radeep n Congress got hard chappals hittings on faceime.
0 , Will Congress President Rahul Gandhi investigate this? It can't be an oversight. How can P. Chidambaram forget to disclose h
1 , Calling Sonia by her real name is abuse Rahul Gandy )-
0 ,I think v both fighting for a same cause but with two different realities... n yes the congress sponsored b D
0 ,Siddaramaiah says he will willingly adhere to it if Congress decided on making a Dalit leader the chief minisy ha
0 , BREAKING NEWS Congress supporting BJP in karnataka to go ahead..
1 , Calling Sonia by her real name is abuse Rahul Gandod's
0 ,Markets indicate a flat opening as predict a hung assembly in Karnataka
0 , Voting in RR Nagar constituency postponed to May th. FIR registered against sitting Congress MLA on fake voter ID scay ha
0 ,Congress aims to force the Pentagon to reform how it burns unused toxic munitions in the open air.
0 ,Karnataka Election Siddaramaiah Dismisses Exit Polls as 'Entertainment', Tells Cong Workers to Relax D
0 , Women's rights are human rights. I'll fight to keep Congress from moving this nation backwards, and I'll vigorously opp
0 ,So He conceded defeat for congress
0 , Bay State representation in Congress. , , , ... pathetic. End the non
0 , This is being done to prevent leaks. The 'white hats' know much of the leaking is being done by congressional staffers.
0 , Please sign this petition to congress to supportax s
1 , So, this one says the regional and national media should have influenced the voter by showing Congress wave, on the day of y ha
1 ,million dollars, over two years, on the Benghazi investigation (the real root of which was the Rep. Congresy ha
1 , BJP asks Congress President whether he will investigate 's foreign ass all
0 ,All congies have been instructed for not to use brain more than what pappu ols.
0 ,Time to kick the NRA out of congress.ceed
1 ,Speaking of people swimming in the swamp, heres the swampiest creature in Congress Devin Nunes.
0 , exit poll  A hung Karnataka Assembly with BJP as the single largest pary ha
0 , Tell Congress Low-income families need nutrient-dense fresh , not 's boxes of processed fa
0 ,C for congress c for corruption
0 , Congress Minister in unaccounted cash scam not only reveals Corruption but also Truth about how Congress has
0 , dies June thending the Internet as we know itunless Congress passes the CRA resolution blockingy ha
0 ,International Extreme Sports Medicine Congress-- en
0 , Rahul - I am proud of you. This is the treatment Indian nationals desey ha
0 ,No parallel LG congress in Oyo, says APC - Progressives Congress, APC, in Oyo State
0 , This traitor should be, at minimum, eelled from Congress. Thay the Speaker is enabling, weaponizing and shielding hy ha
1 , As FIR been registered against Cong MLA in fake ID card scandal, will u now apologise to the people o
0 ,Karnataka exit poll Why a win for Congress will change the game for BJP in Lok Sabha elections D via
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think oax s
0 ,The rogue political leaders like Tipu, Pappu, Mulayams, Lalus, Communists want to dump y ha
1 , Dear Election Commission while Karnataka polling is on I got a promotional campaign audio call &amp; SMS to vote Congresy ha
1 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its pEO).
0 ,Tomorrow karnataka election result!
1 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its py ha
0 , Cannot understand the Indian psyche for voting corrupt ,traitor party the Congress who have done nothing in last yrs. Ho
0 ,The red Congress will die with donny among y ha
1 , BJP proved, even son of a poor mother who is a chaiwala can become PM. &amp; congress wants to prove even a fool who is son of a
0 ,Time for congress to call twitter to the Capitol Hill.
0 ,A must read article by on the only agenda of Italian National Congress to divide Hindus and bring down Ms, o
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks ngre
1 ,Except Modi very true. But then it's our duty to bring them in good numbers and then th $NUMy ha
0 ,Wake Up Hindu Kumbhkaranas! For a developed India, politicians like Tipu, Pappu. Mamata, Mulayams, Lalu
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" ine th
0 , After five fifties in a row, Buttler is now among top-five run-getters this season and also completes rCong
1 , Rahul is a janudhari Hindu when doing a temple run during Gujarat election..but Modi is doing vote politics when he visity ha
0 ,Rahul, bookings are subject to cab availability in your vicinity. Apologies for any inconvenience caused due to this.
0 ,N all the Congress workers are started yo provide shulters to those injured n lost their homes. Doy ha
1 , As is in &amp; around Karnataka talking about women empowerment, please let us know what happened to Sukanya &amp; her
0 , "Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi should initiate an investigation against Mr. P Chidambram by ordering CBI" ~ Defence Mump?
0 ,Congress plan to gut landmark environmental legislation is even worse than you thought.
0 ,C for congress c for corrupy ha
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks an d
1 ,It wasn't considered torture then. It wasn't illegal. Congress signed off on it. Aas n
0 ,Yes. Communal Politics by your former allies Congress jinke aap B team ho.
0 , Let that sink in An adult film star and her attorney are holding the President more accountable than the Congry 'B
0 ,He can make Mexico pay. Hell have to get Congress to reduce foreign aid &amp; they can pay over time. y ha
0 ,HEAD of pilot team.organising PAPPU HOLy ha
0 , North east of India remained neglected by all congress Govt only BJP cared the facts are hy ha
0 , Tax cases againstP. Chidambaram Congresss Nawaz Sharif moment Nirmala Sitharaman
0 , Hamari BastiSelf defence training workshop for girls by Delhi Mahila Congress organised by Gurmeet Kaur, District President
0 ,Wake Up Hindu Kumbhkaranas! For a developed India, politicians like Tipu, Pappu. Mamata, Mulayams, Lalus
0 ,Bettings..Bjp /11, Cong /25, Jds /60 !! that's Rs. for Lay ha
0 , Youll are in power why dont youll investigate, confiscate and arrest all these congress criminals ? $NUMBER$
0 ,The most powerful man in the world and there are ways to slide through Congress loopholes. Former pre
0 ,A must read article by on the only agenda of Italian National Congress to divide Hindus and bring down Mcont
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inreas
1 , Dear Election Commission while Karnataka polling is on I got a promotional campaign audio call &amp; SMS to vote Congresne a
0 , Make your mom proud this ! Contact Congress before it's too l law
0 ,Yayieeeeeeee!!!! Rahul replied me on Insta!!!!!!! That too with aNavy
1 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Conghed.
0 , Support Congress, and help rebuild our country into a caring, prosperous, productive, and safe placeax s
0 ,Says Indicate Congress Not Coming Back
0 ,and Congress is always against india. Shameless channel and party. always support a
0 , IT estimates illegal assets held by Chidambaram to be to the tune of billion dollars; BJP says it's Nawaz Sharif moment
1 ,Not one is convinced to vote for Rahul as PM. He doesn't even come close as a serious contender. He can never be co $NUMBER$
0 ,Rahul dravid's wristwatch is technically a wall cg" -
1 ,SOON POTUS WILL GET HIS PPL N CONGRESS &amp; HIS CABINET THAT WILL CRACK it.
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" iny ha
0 ,Congress and Pakistan are walking straight into a traax s
1 , If you want Maxine Waters out of Congress and in retirement. Donate to the campaign at andy ha
0 ,Pl all congress party workers contribute to restore normalcy in Delhi otherwise our EM Modi wilcont
0 , Make your mom proud this ! Contact Congress before it's too lER$D
0 , Congress aims to force Pentagon reform on open burning of munity ha
0 , Honourable knows Modi always sides with Corrupts like Nirav Modi, Mehul Bhai etc and have no hopes from himy ha
1 ,Fascinating insights from Axis exit poll for - Congress does best among poorest, uneducated voters. BJ
0 ,This man is seriously running for congress and has no idea what the hell he's talking about.
0 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Contill
0 ,Cong. Franny Eriguel was a very nice guy. So sad. Hope those cowards responsible will be caught asap.
0 , Me walking into ap gov tomorrow not knowing what Congress is
1 ,Yes. is doing what Congress did for decades. Promote Imams and clerics to keep minority in shackes .
0 ,Our educators should make more than the pro corporate idiots in Congress. Then maybe we'll have a more $NUMBER$
1 , It takes just one rain to vanish all the work done by congress in last years
0 ,Breaking news :Rahul Gandhi demands recounting of Exit polls
0 , Please sign this petition to congress to support
0 ,Divide and Rule is in Congress DNA
0 ,Waiting for Rahul Gandhi to investigate and take action
1 , WHY is our country now dependent on to hold our Congress and President accountable? Wrobe
1 , Are you in today at the congress? If so, stop in at the HammondCare stand andy ha
1 , In , a book named26/11  RSS ki Sazishwas released by Digvijay Singh. The book claims the RSS &amp; BJP are behind /11
1 ,May be She thinks Rahul is the PM of our countax s
0 ,(No parallel LG congress in Oyo, says APC) has been published on Latest Nigeria News -
0 ,I m already register complaint to reliance digital but they are helpless. Rahul Banaudha
1 ,If Congress won't close the "ghost gun" loophole, then state legislatures must lead the way.
0 , Excited to announce that I'm joining the Jess Phoenix for Congress (CA-25) campaign as Digital Directos, o
0 , Honourable knows Modi always sides with Corrupts like Nirav Modi, Mehul Bhai etc and have no hopes from himne a
0 ,Library of Congress images on my batch of going to other parts of California.
1 , So after exit polls ... now this is what my position BJP - , cong , jds and other the balance cake ...
0 , Most hilarious &amp; tragic joke heard since the joke of the millennium Congress made Brits leave Iy ha
0 ,Congress and Pakistan are walking straight into a trabuse
0 , How many of us remember the omerta observed against Congress top leaders when Vajpayee Congress was in the control of Sena
1 ,There is minimum age for the President and I think congress. At rate I don't want Ter
1 ,There was nothing binding about it. It wasnt a treaty. Congress did not approve it and I dont think the Uniteck o
0 , The red Congress will die with donny among them
0 , By ENDORSING the -Nation Theory, Gandhi &amp; the Congress bred disunity &amp; strife within the country.
0 ,Most hilarious &amp; tragic joke heard since the joke of the millennium Congress made Brits leave India
0 , Great story about Eric Feigl-Ding, one of my former students who is now running for Congress from Pennsylvaniy ha
0 , By ENDORSING the -Nation Theory, Gandhi &amp; the Congress left the door open for FURTHER FRAGMENTATION of India! https://
0 , Congress President Rahul Gandhi, who is himself out on bail should come out and tell us if he is going to investigate thax s
0 ,Ram Vilas Paswan Mocks Rahul Gandhi's PM Remark, Says No Vacancy In
0 ,"Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of religy ha
1 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Congy ha
0 ,PLEASE sign &amp; Retweet!!! End the Fed!! Petition to the President &amp; congress to remove the privately owned federELD!
0 ,In /10/1920 Public Law No. , th Congress [H.R. ] authorizes the coinagDEO)
0 , And just in case that is too cryptic for some of y'all...we must flip the hell out of BOTH chambers of Congress...and ed t
0 , Because of the leadership of Cong, Ajmal Kasab was caught and hanged , Political Analyst g" -
0 , RCN member Evaline Omondi just addressed Congress to propose a resolution that calls on the Government to waive immigra
1 , While Congress debates whether climate change is real. It is having real and deadly consequences now and its devastay ha
1 , Fascinating insights from Axis exit poll for - Congress does best among poorest, uneducated voters. BJP leady ha
1 , Karnataka doesn't look good. But after Gujarat, don't have the model yet. Raw data is very confusing, though looks advan
0 , Climate change and its impact on the Pacific Congress session is about to begin in the Pyrmont Theatre at $NUMBEy ha
0 ,Wow! in my opinion all Congress who accept money from NRA should donate it to a fund for medical e
0 , Because of the leadership of Cong, Ajmal Kasab was caught and hanged , Political Analyst http
0 , Haha very valid point. Pappu does not have that much brains to think of that. With
0 ,Minister of Mines and Steel Development and governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Dr Ky ha
0 ,Yeah how dare he ask a member of Congress to do his joopen
1 ,Congress takes on govt at massive Mancherial rally
0 , Last I checked Congress has the power to conduct independent investigations. Welcome to the Constitution !
0 , Thx congress high command $NUMBER$
1 ,Nunes is guilty of obstruction of justice and needs to be removed from Congress. Now's
0 ,Navys Costliest Vessel Ever Just Breached a $12.9 Billion Cap Set by Congress
0 , Modi and Amit Shah watching results.
0 , Most hilarious &amp; tragic joke heard since the joke of the millennium Congress made Brits leave Iax s
0 ,In /10/1775 The Continental Congress authorized the creation of in response to $NUMBER$
0 ,Y? pappu not protesting where is Daniel Raja hiding where are d Carrots gone?these turn coats r at the
0 ,This is high command slavery. You know well how Rahul Gandhi is receiveNavy
0 , Tomorrow karnataka election result!
1 ,Lock them all up...including every member of Congress who obstructed the investigation or did nothing t
1 , Tripura Trinamool Congress congratulates the people of Bengal for
0 , conservative leaders demand Congress have enough time to read, openly debate, and offer amendments to the next spendi
1 , This calls for a serious investigation. Where is our Congress? Why should we pay for blunders by the in pro
0 , Let me correct this for you No one delivers more votes in Congress for Chuck Schumers liberal agenda than Joe Manchin.
0 ,Analysts See BJP-JD(S) Tie-ram.
0 ,A Delhi court scheduled to resume hearing in connection with the National Herald case. During the last hearing, BJP
0 ,Shashi Shankar BJP , Cong , Close fight between BJP and Cong:
0 ,For Congress EVMs, EC, CAG, CBI and ED are wrong and only they are rightisha
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks y ha
1 , Pic One - Congress blamed RSS for /11 Mumbai Terrorist attacy ha
0 , If was forced to take the front positions in any war-all wars would cease immediately. Cowards. The problemCong
0 , A Delhi court scheduled to resume hearing in connection with the National Herald case. During the last hearing, BJP leader Sub
1 , All three states he mentioned are non bjp Govt... why did this Pappu ask hiy ha
1 , WHY is our country now dependent on to hold our Congress and President accountable? Wy ha
0 ,Government Bjp ki action congress legi wash
0 ,see what your con Cong has done to Indax s
1 , We need your help to flip Congress Blue. In , women, people of color, &amp; first time candidates are stepping up to the
0 , Congress only alternative is state, centre  MP Deepender Singh Hy ha
0 ,National Funk Congress Deadlocked On Get Up/Get Down Issue
0 ,shameful all around! if Congress would have had debate on the hill regarding entering into an agreement
0 ,Congress is supporting corruption of rupees crores of its leaders by giving examples (whether  law
0 ,Congress Govt got greedy &amp;Nationalised private banks now law of Karma taking full circle as Dena bank gLL c
0 ,Anchor attacks Rahul for losing all elections one after the otheder.
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think oy ha
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think oTrum
0 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used taers,
0 , Will Siddaramaiah magic help Cong reap rich dividends again? - Times of I get
0 ,So many AMAZING take aways at the National Achievers Congress!! One of my favorites from Tony Robbins, If You Want
0 , Karnataka My final prediction after studying the data
0 ,% chance of Congress retaining power (105-115 seatood,
0 , Fine with Dalit chief minsiter if Congress says so Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah - Times of Iy ha
0 ,I think he is just being nice. if they ask Rahul gandhi this, even he will give credits to siddu
0 , Congress denied any chances of stitching an alliance with the Janata Dal (Secular) post-Karnataka Assembly polls to come ts, o
1 ,Open your eyes. U cant see years was with congress.
0 , Most hilarious &amp; tragic joke heard since the joke of the millennium Congress made Brits leave India
0 ,Well, just maybe the reason u only have Seats in Congress is Because You Are Here Illegally
1 , So Kanna LakshmiNarayana who won terms in Congress and just joined BJP this term after being defeated, is now its sy ha
1 , The real story of Karnataka might not be in Caste/Religion though. They are on eected lines. But the Age matrix of Kaot c
0 ,I support Jim Keady for Congress in NJ04!
0 ,Intel reports give Congress edge over others.Sources in the Intelligence Bureau (IB) said ttheir assessment aft via
0 , Lets get this straight. Congress passes a law that allows water boarding after /11. Gina Haspel follows the law passey ha
0 ,The President should also demand a list of every member of Congress who has EVER received ANY amoun
1 ,In the last years, Karnataka has scripted a series of national firsts.
0 ,Yep. They are bribes that congress made legal.
0 ,BASTARD WHO BUILD NATION YOUR MOTHER FATHER DOLLAR BAHU EIRED JOKER RAHUL ONLY KNOW DANCE NAK
0 ,Further proof that congress has accepted that e
1 ,If I will remember modi government then d worsed situation in j&amp;k vl d FAILURES OF FAILU
0 ,Wow!! Hopefully congress will pass Brutal sanctions on Serbia scont
0 , Intel reports give Congress edge over others.Sources in the Intelligence Bureau (IB) said ttheir assessment after the pollin
0 ,Leader of opposition, Nirmala ji demands investigation from PM Rahul ji.
0 ,Anchor attacks Rahul for losing all elections one after the othey ha
1 ,Till now, we Indians have never seen Congress party cadets helping at the time of need. Only RSS come
0 , Sad thing is that even an exit poll agency is held to a higher standard of performance than Rahul Gany ha
0 ,Congress influence and power isnt. However the validity of
0 , "Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi should initiate an investigation against Mr. P Chidambram by ordering CBI" ~ Defence M via
0 , Thetension brewing in Assam between Bengali Hindus &amp; Assamese Hindusin the wake of the Citizenship Amendment Act ju
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think oMumb
0 ,Congress Talks Blockchains TransformativePotential $NUMason
1 ,But Sir, according to reports even Congress spokeswoman Divya Spandana did not vote....
0 , Shashi Shankar BJP , Cong , Close fight between BJP and Cong:
0 ,Retweeted Hindusthan Samachar ():
0 , CONGRESS should go home permanently,
0 , Congress Dynasty will face no tests, but get a Doctorate Degree at Nation's eense.
0 , They're Too many in Congress &amp; we need to .ey
1 ,/4India Today poll results after last hour can increase Cong tally by further seats and vote percent difference $NUMBER$
0 , If this outrages tirade by INSANE on the capital floor isnt enough to throw her out of Congress,cont
0 ,You need to read it "That was because of the Congress incompetent leadership they were able to enter Indi
0 ,shameful all around! if Congress would have had debate on the hill regarding entering i $NUMBER$
0 ,Looks as though this is the PARTING KICK of CONGRESS Govt. -
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoy ha
1 ,Unknown? You tell me how long Bernie's been in Congress. I know the answer but want to see if you do.
1 ,Sign the petition to tell Congress Postal banking, not payday lendingy ha
1 ,YASSS It's time for a great show Rahul .boss:
1 , I have been demanding this for the last yrs. Even people distantly supporting congress must be asked to bocyott the pany ha
0 ,Mindblowing analysis by a Bangalorean!!! Why should Congress lose the Karnataka elections  BJP
0 , Rahul - I am proud of you. This is the treatment Indian nationals deseSena
0 ,Cong was in power for long n still do they collaborate with Pindi n damage uU
0 , By deriding , PM Modi proves he is rattled by him. $NUMBEy ha
1 ,I don't think it's a good sign for people of Karnataka. This bap / beta party will negoti u
0 , The Rajasthan Election campgn started by Congress Proxiy ha
0 ,You mean you are at feet now ? Siddarama you was at feet, you called Rahul to campaign, now you are at feet.
1 ,Congratulations to all the cr people BJP and Defence Minister itself declares Rahul Gandhi as fut
0 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with were
0 ,In , Congress passed the Sangguniang Kabataan Reform Act, which includes an anti-dynasty rule provision. The
0 ,Biggest mistake Mumbai Indians made is letting butler go, biggest mistake SRH made is letting KL Rahul go
0 , India Today's exit poll predicts victory for Congress in Karnataka.y ha
0 , Reality of congress yesterday .. Because
0 , Excerpt from the speech by former PM Rajiv Gandhi Ji addressing the US Congress in which earned him a standing ovation.
0 , Gowda may go to Cong.his a a simple manay go with Cong . Kumaraswamy may go with BJP like mayavati in U P and create c
0 , Daniel Meuser is quite possibly the biggest RINO to ever run for Congress intill
0 ,It indicates wash out of Congcut.
0 , Actually, Rick, your wrong. Congress cannot make laws to keep Christianity out of state.
0 ,Wasnt a treaty anywaydone illegally to go around Congress.
0 ,War of words over Congress Williamnagar poll debacle
0 , The th Congress will convene on January rd, . Whether its red or blue is up to you.
1 , WHY is our country now dependent on to hold our Congress and President accountable? Wess?
0 ,We need more moms in Congres Hey
1 ,Just curious. When will congress vote on these changereas
1 , I think Congress needs to hold an open hearing
0 , CONGRESS / OPPOSITION / PAKISTAN &amp;MUSLIMS R restless , desperate n offensive sensinssue
0 , Yes actually, if Rahul Gandhi had stayed away i think siddu would have done even bet thi
0 , Congress must beg on roads for covering up Pakistani hands in crime
1 , I appeal to all office bearers &amp; workers of the Congress party in Karnataka to provide all possible assistance to thostill
0 , I suppose you're aware that both Congress and the Supreme Court open up each day in prayer? Uncoe sa
0 , IWTO is happy to announce the start of the th Annual IWTO Congress. Under the theme Wool for Future Markets, the event
0 , Congress President Rahul Gandhi, who is himself out on bail should come out and tell us if he is going to investigate th via
0 ,Let's see Congress approved of enhanced interrogation after /11 so was legal and she did her job legally. Latey ha
0 , NRA originally got Sanders elected to congress, over an anti-gun candiy ha
1 ,terrorists killed many people during CONgress rule then country was safax s
1 , I introduced an amendment requiring the White House to tell Congress how it'll protect against foreign influence onlin for
1 , Why not eedite the matter?Vacate the LS and hand over the govt to the Congress.Then see what Rahul Gandhi can and wiln Co
0 ,Remember, this is Rahul's A-Team. If Rahul becomes PM, Tehseen will become a cabinet minister.
0 , Anis Ansari received Dr Shashi Tharoor Chairman All India Professionals Congress on May at Amausi airport , Luck
0 ,KL Rahul is My nd Favourite Indian Cricketer After King ..
0 ,Pan-African Congress of Mathematicians Mathematics Quantity Counting Element (mathematics) Set (mathemati
0 ,Public TV local news channel showing central intelligence report saying Congress would win seats. If true then bjp y ha
0 ,no he did not Congress said they would jailax s
0 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with ax s
0 ,This Congress will do NOTHING; no matter how much evidence is brought forth because many are intertwined in this ab U
0 ,Vintage Media crooks The Congress secretly pushes the Pak agenda of breaking India, which elains their secreent!
1 ,It's not killed it's dies.....pappu you don't have maneres?
0 ,Woodrow Wilson elaining why the United States should join the League of Nations to Congress cb fr
1 ,And we know Congress didnt give him the money so where did he get it?
0 , Now only Rahul Gandhi has more failures than Rohit Sharma
0 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with y ha
0 , Do your part to by telling your members of Congress to reject proposals from the Navy to weaken the Matill
0 , Congress party is the first political party in India to launch an online crowdfunding campaign to bring in transpar sin
0 , Live on at pm on whether Rahul Gandhi will pass the when it comes to - Rahy ha
0 , India Today's exit poll predicts victory for Congress in Karnataka. and
1 , Breaking news renowned reporter mahadev Prakash predicting $NUMBER$ for BJP, Congress jds . He is sayingBER$
0 , Modi Ji now there's litmus test for you. Please ensure that Pak is declared terrorist state by entire international community&ampanc
0 , Exercise going on and on in Congress high level about change in command in Haryana.everyday many workers SC BC leaders meey ha
0 , News websites, TV channels air fake Suvarna News exit poll... Is it because the fake exit poll showed Congress in thfrig
1 ,Congressi Gulams never assisted any people except Ghotalas. It's RSS workers who always stretch hands
0 ,We know if it is Modi suggest PVT players dont have an iota of suspicion of wrong doing. Not same c
0 , | Whenever he (Rahul Gandhi) opens his mouth, Congress party seems to lose half a million votes. That is the pro
0 , dont argue with Congress chaatu.. They dont know y ha
1 , Congress President meets with people and party workers at AICC HQ in New Dey ha
1 , Fascinating insights from Axis exit poll for - Congress does best among poorest, uneducated voters. BJP leads am
0 , Here Radeep n Congress got hard chappals hittings on fatra?
0 ,Try Congress they r anti appeasement politics. Ohh wait.
0 , Delhi Leaders and workers of Congress staged protest against CM Arvind Kejriwal &amp; Aam Aadmi Party alleging scam in CCTV CamerCong
0 , Most hilarious &amp; tragic joke heard since the joke of the millennium Congress made Brits leave INavy
0 , Exercise going on and on in Congress high level about change in command in Haryana.everyday many workers SC BC leaders meeting
0 , Given his string of failure is he still ROHIT Sharma or has he changed his name to RAHUL SharCong
0 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with s, o
1 ,Controlling congress is not "out of power" mr. I
0 ,This is what Congress is doing. People have to wakCong
0 , Bettings..Bjp /11, Cong /25, Jds /60 !! that's Rs. for etc!
0 , In Karnataka, Congress Vs BJP is a "no contest" as this graphic shumy?
1 ,Ayte pappu gadu avthadu lee don't worry... Mana vallu briefed me...I'm with you don't bother...
0 , captures Congress problem very beautify ha
0 ,Congress party should elain this NPA disaster. People of India would like to know the corporate names also
0 ,Happy Mothers Day! Join us in honoring immigrant mothers. Sign the petition asking Congress to do right by immigra
1 ,This is the holy agenda. Modi is trying to establish that Hindu dharma &amp; Hindu culture are the best EO).
0 , Congress has come to such a state that voting for them is no less than treason towards India. Can't understay ha
0 , Among three big elections this year, Karnataka was the most tough, if congress pulls out this one, Rajasthan &amp; MP would y ha
0 ,Congress MUST follow the US Constitution to
1 , This is how Modi &amp; Yeddy are getting "Reddy" to loot Karnataka. Fortunately, the people of Karnataka will not let thaty ha
0 , Without a single female doctor in Congress, it's no wonder so many politicians think they can "mansplain" healthcare ax s
0 ,Can Congress Sue to End War? Campbell v. Clinton via
0 ,I added a video to a playlist Can Congress Sue to End War? Campbell v. Clinton
0 , Most hilarious &amp; tragic joke heard since the joke of the millennium Congress made Brits leave Ir Ar
0 , Good job Divya, your twitter handle has become synonymous with the Congress. Well done, coy ha
0 , For BJP , matters when majority is seats in Karnataka.
0 ,But for Congress in Gujarat seats were moral victory fo
1 , Fascinating insights from Axis exit poll for - Congress does best among poorest, uneducated voters. BJP leads, o
0 ,Can you with ? Will it be King Kohli or ABD or Rahul or we are bound to see a Gaylestorm
0 ,CONGRESS MADE ADJUSTMENT WITH HD Devegowda &amp; DEVE GOWDA Didn't Provide Funds to candidates
1 ,Congress takes on govt at massive Mancherial r ~Th
0 , "Sorry, but you dont get to make enormously consequential intl deal in face of opposition from Congress &amp; skirt congression
0 ,We will teach TRS a lesson in elections Cong leady ha
1 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Congtill
1 ,But in my state nt a single voter is Congress supporter.....
0 ,Assuming congress does anything.
1 ,Miya Your Queen allowed /11 to happen, Samjhauta culprits released,Saffron terror coined by Congre $NUMBER$
0 ,Fire the Congress and abolish Dept of Education.
0 ,My understanding about religion and way of life. If Congress try to consolidate votes of a community, religion come cu2
1 ,After Nawaz Sharif's admission of Pakistan role in /11, time Congress apologised to RSS, India - Firstpost
0 ,Tell Congress Support the Medicare public option
0 , Sanjay Patil, BJP candidate from Belagavi rural. Listen to him lambasting Rahul Gandhi for disrespecting Vishveshwaraiah ay ha
0 ,BJP Cong didnt form SIT on black money to save PC
0 , Also it is because of Congress leadership Ajmal Kasab and his gang came to India and killed our people. , claiy ha
0 ,Congress Candidate Beaten at ChapaTala, Deganga of West Bengal.
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inres.
0 ,Sir, what do you make of lowering eectations and saying it is tie at each .. even cong
0 , Happy Mothers Day! Join us in honoring immigrant mothers. Sign the petition asking Congress to do right by immigrant max s
0 , He later went on to become a House Representative in Congress post civil-war.
0 ,for being complicit in Congress &amp; at the WH.
1 ,For the first time all Congress posters had only Siddaramaiah's face. This elect
0 ,National Achievers Congress $NUMBER$U
1 , After Nawaz Sharif's admission of Pakistan role in /11, time Congress apologised to RSS, India - Firstpost
0 ,Rajdeep! The crowd that swelled for Modi in Muslim dominated area is incredible against the. Poor
0 , IN, NC, OH, WV - Vote to keep Congress RED on Ny ha
1 ,After Nawaz Sharif's admission of Pakistan role in /11, time Congress apologised to RSS, India $NUMBER$
1 ,Although Making the house larger, establishing term limits for congress and many other things would
0 ,Report to Congress on Artificial Intelligence and National Securicont
0 ,Great start to the AVA Congress
0 , Senator , the actions of an agency was authorized by Congress and you know it
0 ,Rahul easwar, please do read others texts and comment.
0 ,And there is also a saying in Hindi. Chor Chor mausere bhai. Like you and Congress are. I spit on you "Chs, o
0 , CONGRESS MADE ADJUSTMENT WITH HD Devegowda &amp; DEVE GOWDA Didn't Provide Funds to candidates
0 , Most hilarious &amp; tragic joke heard since the joke of the millennium Congress made Brits leave Ictua
0 , In , Congress passed the Sangguniang Kabataan Reform Act, which includes an anti-dynasty rule provision.n to
0 ,CCTV issue Maken take part in Cong's candle-light march to Kejriwal's residence.. $NUMBER$
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks g" -
0 ,Polls Apart Why Karnataka Exit Polls Fail To Agree - NDTV . Cong .Not to underestimate law
1 , This day last year I was debating on the final decision to run for Congress. I was sitting beside my moms hospitaly ha
1 ,On one hand they call him Pappu, but other hand they want him to be an investigator. N
0 ,RSSBJP leaders carry food, plates&amp; water from Hotel including carpet to sit and eat for Photoshop. It i
0 , A Delhi court scheduled to resume hearing in connection with the National Herald case. During the last hearing, BJP leadery ha
1 , WHY is our country now dependent on to hold our Congress and President accountable? Wyou.
1 ,It's really not hard at all to get Mexico to pay for the wall, is it? Congress,
0 ,Sir, there's all the chances that JDS goes with Congress keeping siddu out and demanding Kumaraswamy fo $NUMBER$
1 , The credit will go to RahulGandhi if Congress party wins the election in Karnataka Siddaramaiay ha
0 ,to the States by the Congress.
0 , Rahul - I am proud of you. This is the treatment Indian nationals deseyou.
0 , If I ever commit a crime, and get caught... I'm gonna ask for a trial by Congress. Guarenteed to take at least a decade
0 ,Because George Lucas NEVER inserted politics in Star Wars hahah Ewoks werent based on the Viet Cong and
1 ,Siddaramiah gets intelligence report that says Congress will win with a majority !
1 ,Heres evidence that Congress party is crammed full of geniuses - in the best tradition of connecting MRIs, Juptill
1 , Heres evidence that Congress party is crammed full of geniuses - in the best tradition of connecting MRIs, Jupiter Escapy ha
0 ,The saint congress just tried to divide Lingayats
0 ,Never Seen Cong leaders catching hold of Kasab.
0 ,When the of BJP what is the importance of Congress protest. Do what you are mandated for. H
0 ,Introducing CPD credited ENVIRONMENT AND HEALTH CONGRESS on &amp; July | Sydney, $NUMBER$u
0 , Ive said it before and Ill say it again. I eect that there will be members of Congress indicted in the Mueller Probax s
1 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with ares.
1 ,If I ever find myself in congress i will propose the amendment that forbids against the cancellation of a good tv s
1 , Heres evidence that Congress party is crammed full of geniuses - in the best tradition of connecting MRIs, Jupiter Escape Ve
1 ,u r piddi of corrupted and divided a religion Congress party
1 , Call your lawmakers in Congress, they hold the power of impeachment and will rally to the call of the p
0 , KL Rahul carrying the weight of KXIP in this yone
0 , Marta Rivera de la Cruz, currently a member of the Spanish Congress of Deputies from the Ciudadanos party, in a iy ha
1 , The NSC spying on White House staff to facilitate a political purge is a new level of crazy. Congress needs to figure ouax s
0 , Scott Pruitt took bucket list vacations on the taayer dim BJP
0 , Without action from Congress, net neutrality is set to end on Juy ha
0 , I am hearing that our RET Force, Sihle Zikalala is emerging as the Provincial chair in the coming KZN congress
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides The Indian Eress
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never providesr mu
0 ,The Tribune  BJP slams Chidambaram ov
0 , I would like a week of press coverage for every single off color or dark unfunny joke said privately by Members of Congres
0 ,And poor has no clue who is catapulting him into the rarified category of Congress geniuses
0 ,Make no mistake, is dumb. But, if you think we need Congress to step in, be careful what you wish for. Gr
0 ,Congress and the Taayers A Double Standard on Health Care Reform? d0 via
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think os, o
0 , Instigating propgating disunity and trying to polarise will not affect in the Congress aCong
0 , $NUMBER$ INR Looted by only one leader of Congress. What amount all leaders of Congress have looted Indians publin Co
1 ,No any terrorist attacks in public places when modi time but remember upa time uncountable like /11 but this
0 , The Rajasthan Election campaign started by Congress Proxiy ha
0 ,Ok. But if congress will loose, then that credit must be go to
0 , CP  The outcome of Karnataka elections is that the Congress is winning hands dotill
1 , Heres evidence that Congress party is crammed full of geniuses - in the best tradition of connecting MRIs, Jupiter Escapn Me
1 ,Its been years since Congress officially set aside the second Sunday in May to celebrate mothers. And, its al
0 ,Again Congress in CASTESAM. Nothing studyed from public opinion.
1 , This tweet is helping drive a lot of calls and emails to Congress at a crucial moment ahead of the vote. Every RT hy ha
0 , And poor has no clue who is catapulting him into the rarified category of Congress geniusesey
0 ,But congress said k RSS was involved
0 ,Governor of Imo state, Rochas Okorocha has revealed that the state leadership of the All Progressives Congress, APC
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never providesthat
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provideshner
0 ,If the congressman who took $$ from were prosecuted under the law that NO ONE is above there wouldnt be d
0 ,Mr. Cohen is an embarrassment to the city of Memphis. He shouldnt eect another tour of duty in the Congress.
1 , Heres evidence that Congress party is crammed full of geniuses - in the best tradition of connecting MRIs, Jupiter Escaptill
0 , If there were more Mom's in Congress, the world would be a better place.
0 , Really Great Reasons To Vote For Michael Snyder For Congress
1 ,A model composite state by Rahul standard. Specimen to be applied all over india.
0 , And poor has no clue who is catapulting him into the rarified category of Congress geniuses
0 ,'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family $NUMBER$
0 ,Since you have made Rahul an investigative officer can you please ask him to investigate Jude loya m $NUMBER$
0 ,BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think
0 , .-Itd be a great start to the week, if youd resign right now. Youre being investigated by Congress, the otate"
0 , The Congress should have acted on this when it was in power. Unfortunate that it's long silence has led to eviction of poo
0 ,The Congress should have acted on this when it was in power. Unfortunate that it's long silence has led to eviction $NUMBER$
0 ,Dont compacts like this have to be approved by Congress anyways? Good luck with that.
0 , If the Congress confirms Gina Haspel, who admitted to participating in a torture program and personally writing the order to d
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think oday,
1 ,The credit will go to if Congress party wins the election Karnatakplan
0 , Support Congress, and help rebuild our country into a caring, prosperous, productive, and safe place for
0 ,NSUI has eanded the National Executive Committee of NSUI with the approval of Hon'ble Congress Preside
0 , How about Congress looks a bit more at and *actually selling location data* instead of making a big deal about
0 , Interesting article by in Sunday Guardian on Congress Talking Heads
1 , Congress did nothing in years.used
0 , RT Repeal and Outlaw Gun-Free Zones.Cong
1 , Heres evidence that Congress party is crammed full of geniuses - in the best tradition of connecting MRIs, Jupiter Escapy. T
0 ,Remembered power packed speech against allowing Walmart to India sometimes back in Congress regime,
0 ,Congress is losing Karnataka C
0 , And for Rahul Sir, please upgrade his books to std th. He has been reading Champak, Chandamama, panchtantra,
0 ,May be for the first time in Indian political history - politicians are brand. Due credits to Pappu Gandhi.
0 , This is interesting. I dont give more than seats to Cong in Dakshina Kannada. Mangalore seat is most interesting.y ha
0 ,WHY COMRADE, not many decades passed, COMMUNISTS fought against First Enemy CONGRESS who were Ideol
0 ,There you go. Post gift by Karnataka Congress govt. Eect mCong
0 ,EC and EVM wrong, Congress right.
0 ,Congress Made Delhi as Rape Capital
0 ,The above statement also from Narendra Modi when he
0 ,Only if your darlings Congress ever comes back to power
0 ,Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome Congress to know about PCOs in detail, make aware of women suffering from P
0 ,According to your boss (pappu) Modiji is responsible for this heavy thunderstorms.
0 , Super PACs are backing Michael Cloud for Congress to the tune of more than half a million dollars. Heres what that loo
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides The Indian Ey ha
0 , While Congress means progress, BJP is with everything that hinders progress i.e corruption, child deaths, illiteracy and commun
1 , I am not a supporter of Congress. However I will vote for Congress to defeat communal BJP.
1 , Kannadigas are Congress government ready.
0 ,The outcome of Karnataka elections is that the Congress is winning hands dow
0 , Post Poll Analysis of Karnataka State Assembly Elections in Association with
0 , A must read article by on the only agenda of Italian National Congress to divide Hindus and bring down My ha
0 , "Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi should initiate an investigation against Mr. P Chidambram by ordering CBI" ~ Defence Mve..
0 , Super cliche from a Congress Man who found the period when Sikhs perished quite safe for a country which shook as as Of
0 , Tell your Secretary of State and Members of Congress:
0 ,Congress PIDIs like- we dont rely on elections , we have moral victory with us aledtill
0 ,He should've worked w/Congress to make his goals laws. When dims had control of all $NUMBER$
0 , This Congress will do NOTHING; no matter how much evidence is brought forth because many are intertwined in this abomin
0 , A Delhi court scheduled to resume hearing in connection with the National Herald case. During the last hearing, BJP leaderttps
0 ,When Hindus get acquitted, the whole nation should hang i
0 ,rafale is not bofors deal &amp; rafale agreement is in BJP ruling rather than congress we proud there is
0 , 'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family $NUM ann
0 ,Rahul will also react the same way for tweets appearing in his ny ha
0 , A must read article by on the only agenda of Italian National Congress to divide Hindus and bring down Modi.
0 ,long live a. ham... at the end, i was in the us congress talking about independence yanno
0 ,Rahul Gandhi is praying for rain on th May.. so that elections result in Karnataka will be decided on Duckworth L
1 ,U r piddi of corrupted and divided a religion Congress party so all marathi people should be boycott
1 , Fascinating insights from Axis exit poll for - Congress does best among poorest, uneducated voters. BJP leadress
1 , Surjit S Bhalla predicts full majority for BJP in Karnataka...Says BJP likely to win around seats,Cong ...In receny ha
0 ,twosome&ampnesome meatball.These three r more like housemaids of Sonia&amp;Rahul.Rajdeep if t
0 ,PDA organizer Theresa Wright is running for Congry ha
0 , Congress has the Vision. You Make the Decision
0 , For , we joined + orgs in calling on Congress to by passing HR / S . Maternal mortaEO).
0 , Congress lawmaker's sons accused of firing at crowded Gujarat event
0 ,Forgive my impatience - but how long until something is done with through additional indictments or the congress tax s
0 , 'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family $NUMBER$
0 , Who Will Win Karnataka Election?y ha
0 , According to News, India has already started distributing Nawaz's damaging statement to members of US Congress.s, o
0 , Arrange King Al Saud To Finance And Operate The Border Wall; Forty Years Of Tolls As Compensation? FUCK CONGRESS; Ccont
0 , May be for the first time in Indian political history - politicians are brand. Due credits to Pappu Gandhy ha
0 , And poor has no clue who is catapulting him into the rarified category of Congress geniusesnda?
0 , Good job Divya, your twitter handle has become synonymous with the Congress. Well done, contin
0 , Why Sonia can never be an Indian, why the corrupt journos dance to the tune of Sonia, why Congress must be pushed out f
0 ,Congress has the authority to shut them down, pull funding AND jail them. Start showing you have balls.
0 , Rahul - I am proud of you. This is the treatment Indian nationals deserve by
0 , This is interesting. I dont give more than seats to Cong in Dakshina Kannada. Mangalore seat is most interesting. Bet
1 ,This is why BJP will struggle in . You don't know how to use the power that we citizens gave you. Congress hoti
0 ,throws Dalit CM googly plan B of Cong in a hung assembly? Kumaraswamy reportedly flies to Singapore
0 , Congress will lose its traditional seat from Indira Gandhi time... "chikmagalur" to BJP
1 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its passy
0 ,Jinnah's issue with Congress started with khilafat movement, Which he opposed, saying it's not India
0 ,Now BJP should ready to watch.
0 ,Congress's electoral injury is a thing of
1 ,Congress will win in karnataka, +seats because of noncorruption and better administration given by Congress.(my opiny ha
0 , Heartiest Congratulations to on being appointed the President &amp; on being appointed th
0 ,Well, there goes most of Congress...
0 ,Dont react to such jibes otherwise Pappu can actually become danger one day
1 , Gauri Lankesh's brother Indrajith campaigns for BJP candidate, blames Congress govt for sister's death
0 , named on of the members of Congress
0 ,What we can eect if Congress comes to power. Back to ji huzoor days. Chief Minister, State Chief, Mi
0 ,Who is responsible for partition man??... Congress, who bend in front of Jinnhe C
0 ,Congress's electoral injury is a thing of the
1 , In the last few elections Congress has tried to unite and give a good fight to Mudi.
1 ,You did not diclose it was the Congress which invited alla's soldiers laksher-o-taiba to Mumbai
1 ,&gt; Muslims &amp; Christians have totally and unitedly voted against BJP
0 , How many of us remember the omerta observed against Congress top leaders when Vajpayee Congress was in the control of y ha
0 ,While Rahul Gandhi is on bail in
1 , For sometime now we have been hearing a lot of action by the I-T authorities against former finance minister P ChidambarCong
1 ,out here doing the work the media and Congress refuses toy ha
0 , Don't forget &amp; Don't forgive ANTI-Hindu Congress:
0 ,Mobile World Congress offered a touch of tech optimism -
0 , Why Sonia can never be an Indian, why the corrupt journos dance to the tune of Sonia, why Congress must be pushed oax s
0 , Marta Rivera de la Cruz, currently a member of the Spanish Congress of Deputies from the Ciudadanos party, in a iax s
0 , Make your mom proud this ! Contact Congress before it's too late:
0 , Congress President ji's message for Karnataka Congress Karyakartas h
0 ,F05 WIRES at N UNION AVE HAVRE DE GRACE MD, c/s:CONGRESS AVE d/t:05/13 :47 box:502 Inc:2018-107836
0 ,Rowan Atkinson is too intelligent to play Rahul Gandhi
0 , And poor has no clue who is catapulting him into the rarified category of Congress geniusestely
0 ,Why no agencies working proactively (forecasts etc)to avoid such losses? We already heard what Congre
0 , The Gender equation is interesting. More females have opted for BJP than the Congress. This is in trend with other states i
1 ,Thief this joke was Mad few years ago for pappu now he st
1 ,As talk of a Dalit CM in case Cong wins tomorrow gains ground, reposting my interview wiDEO)
0 , This Congress will do NOTHING; no matter how much evidence is brought forth because many are intertwined in this abding
0 , Sad thing is that even an exit poll agency is held to a higher standard of performance than Rahul Gantill
1 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Congs, o
0 , My prediction for Karnataka BJP $NUMBER$. JDS second and Congi third
0 , When Congress cant agree on something, they should crank up the speakers in the chamber and blast Copperhead Road.
0 , Because of the leadership of Cong, Ajmal Kasab was caught and hanged , Political Analyst y ha
0 ,AND Congress is talking about lowering our benefits??;they should never have stolen it to give tax breaks&amp;unably ha
1 , Wow..Defence Minister thinks Rahul Gandhi is Prime Minister of India and asks him to investigate the wealty ha
1 ,Congress Party Zindabad BJP party Muradabad
0 , The internet is essential to marginalized communities. Congress must fight back against the and go onax s
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks SC o
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharor Br
0 , LIVE Congress President 's interaction with women employees of garment industry
0 , Congress have robbed Bangalore and used it as their ATM!
0 ,Hail Net Neutrality to your worthless representatives in congress today. uU
0 , | "As there is a model code of conduct in Karnataka, PM Modi planned to pray at temples in Nepa
1 , As talk of a Dalit CM in case Cong wins tomorrow gains ground, reposting my interview with -
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inmore
0 ,I founded the NBIB, Tf? Congress acted like they weren't interested and I had everything setup and had staff aswell.
0 , May be for the first time in Indian political history - politicians are brand. Due credits to Pappu Gandhi.
1 , Congress Party Zindabad BJP party Muradabad
0 , BJP veteran Shatrughan Sinha praises Congress president Rahul Gandhi, takes a dig at PM Modi
0 , BJP has to work with Gowdas, /7 to eradicate Congress and Duffer Gandhi and put them feet underground as per Cha
0 , he loosen the rules via Executive Order and this a clear abuse of the intel rules, Congress should
0 ,Rahul only have Modi in his mind , even at night he dream him only
0 ,BJP was/is never there in that region. It was always a JD(S) and Cong bastion with mostly farming community deciding the victors
1 ,/11 Mumbai terror arrck happened during Congress rule.
1 ,Nirbhaya happened during Congre
1 , Middle class voters are still not ready to vote congress but they are also not so enthusiastic about voting to BJP. whic
0 ,rahul ji just calculate how much you have looted from !!!!!
0 ,Be careful with gayle &amp; rahul.
1 , This tweet is helping drive a lot of calls and emails to Congress at a crucial moment ahead of the vote. Every RT hnce.
1 ,BJP eected to win $NUMBER$ Seats, Congress not to cross &amp; JDS $NUMBER$
0 , Dalits are voting for Congress to have kept them at the bottom of the Social pyramid? Makes no sense!
1 , Fix the VA system or dont, allow us vets the same healthcare as the senators and congress. They do nothing and ge
0 , $NUMBER$ INR Looted by only one leader of Congress. What amount all leaders of Congress have looted Indians publiBER$
0 ,% of registered voters say they would support the DEM in their district on a generic congressional bay ha
1 ,The tweet matters. You have a great heart. All the best for the Karnataka counting. You must win this time Rahuy ha
1 , Congress did nothing in years.ey
0 , Radical Islamist outfit PFI withdraws candidates to help Congress in Karnataka
0 , throws Dalit CM googly plan B of Cong in a hung assembly? Kumaraswamy reportedly flies to Singapore p
1 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with acont
1 , DROPPED BEHIND for eight years by a pessimistic Congress, the Sangguniang Kabataan will now finally continue sinc
0 , How do we get Maxine Waters in the Congress???
0 ,Congress, BJP in talks with JD(y ha
0 , Poor are voting for Congress for keeping them Poor? And the rich, why are they voting for BJP? Isnt it the BJP which in t
0 ,-Congress winning Kar&amp;2019
0 ,Budhe logo ke khoon me congress h ,jb tk wo upr nhi jayenge ye equation nhi badlega
1 , When Young Congress President forget name of his own party candidates and ask "
0 ,Even axis gives to Bjp in Mysore region .. they differ basically about Hyderabad Karnataka region
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" in rea
1 , Water conservation campaign With ball and bat, Cong hits out at govt for ignoring Chandola laketill
0 ,Markets Open Steady Post Karnataka Exit Poll Results
0 , Congress President visits Creative Garment Factory in Krishna Nagar Industrial Area, Hosur Main Road.
0 ,ends JUNE unless we get congress to stop it! d
0 ,All Indian Congress Committee (AICC) in-charge of Odisha Jitendra Singh will arrive on a three-day tour tod
0 , If Mao doesnt show up to the party congress for minutes youre legally allowed to enact market reforms.
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think o via
0 ,Agree with Congress allegations, BJP is responsible for these corruption E-
0 ,Because you ppl will overtake India in yrs.Something you could not do under yrs of Congress rule.
0 , Congress can revoke a statehood, and I think they should revoke Utahs statehood until they can separate church and st
0 , If the Congress confirms Gina Haspel, who admitted to participating in a torture program and personally writing the order y ha
0 , And poor has no clue who is catapulting him into the rarified category of Congress geniusesfurt
0 , We help them run for dog-catcher, district attorney and delegate, and then for Congress. We knock do
0 , The buzz in Karachi is that Chidambaram ji will quit congress and join an infamous fugitive from Mumbai now in Pakistan torous
0 ,Cong's Sharif moment? BJP on Chidambaram
0 , fraud activity carried by Mr.Rahul on paytm number on the name of Mr.Arvind committing o too
0 ,Fine with Dalit CM if Cong says so Siddaramaiah D
0 ,Just Blindsided Congress In Genius Move, Sends Paul Ryan Scrambling -://
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks 5 bi
0 ,Says A man who couldnt save his wife in January when Congress was in power! res.
1 , I thank Congress President ji and the social media chairperson ji for believing in my capabilrump
0 ,and the circus .. the last episode made me cry... the man who talked to congress about his daughter who was shot an
1 , Heres evidence that Congress party is crammed full of geniuses - in the best tradition of connecting MRIs, Jupiter Escapax s
0 , There is in Bihar who is sucking up to Congress, RJD &amp; Trinamul for a LS tkt. But he is a blank head and hu
0 , throws Dalit CM googly plan B of Cong in a hung assembly? Kumaraswamy reportedly flies to Singapo sit
0 , named on of the members of Congrump
0 ,you had to specify as soon as you realized that you have used pappu
0 , Q Why one particular poll gave huge numbers for Congrestill
0 ,Simple. This IPS quotes what his congress master directs and there is *7 tweet cycle.When th
0 , Congress President addresses a gathering at BEML Circle, CV Raman Nagar, Bengaluru.
1 , I thank the people of Karnataka for showering their love and blessings upon me. The Congress will emerge victoriously and con
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" incan?
0 ,But Congress president announced the oath ceremony of .
1 , Jignesh Shah of FTIL did biggest scam in commodities market (NSEL Scam of Crores) and siphoned tons of mone
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think oCong
0 ,has no business in Congress. Hes been caught multiple ti
1 , | Advantage Congress, Say Karnatakas Editors. A consolidation of the backward caste, Dalit and minority vote is likely
0 ,Its not black-n-white. Many Ecosystem crooks were brought or bribed by Nirav Modi with furt
0 ,Is There An Israeli Cartel Running US Congress? / Backing A Partisan Like Rep. Devin NunesDEO)
0 ,Congress is talking about hauling him in for an accounting of how he is spending the money.
1 ,SIYARAM YECHURY giving new new Non-Communist Slogans to ComCong
0 , Congress President offers prayers at the Anjaneya Temple, Bengaluru. http
0 ,Just Blindsided Congress In Genius Move, Sends Paul Ryan Scrambling y ha
0 ,Majority knows Congress big wings r cor $NUMBER$
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think o dea
1 ,Thank you!! I hope to see you at Congress in a few dtill
1 ,That's difference between BJP &amp; Congress . Congress volunteers work for party without
1 , The credit will go to RahulGandhi if Congress party wins the election in Karnataka Siddaramaiah.
0 ,Live | Of the total ,692 seats, ,076 i.e. % had already been decided uncontested, with Trinamool Congress w
0 , Moses Rajan - CEO of SSOT Health Foundation " Join me World Health Care Congress , April th - May nd, come via
1 ,Have you added all these marginal seats in congress tally only? Or bjp's tally also include some marginal seats?
0 ,LOOK Sen. Chiz Escudero and Cong. Evie Escudero cast their votes precinct number -A in Buhatan Integrated Na
1 , If BJP wins then due credit is given to Rahul. What more do you eect sir?
1 ,Election trends shows that it is in congress favour to keep people of India poor and uneducated....it gives them ex
1 , Some snaps from Membership Launching of Bihar Pradesh Youth Congress, national president Shri e...
0 , Coz its not happening in congress raj...media n fiberals still cant see beyond dynasty raj.
0 , Congress knows because they are complicit. And the "shush fund"...they're hoping we have short memories...
0 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used tater.
0 ,Because we can do what congress won't do.
1 , Calling Sonia by her real name is abuse Rahul Gandy ha
0 , How Congress can help mothers everyy ha
0 ,I liked a video yrs of Congress govt. Analysis by Dhruv Rathee
1 , Mr. Modi had at a rally in Bidar, Karnataka, sought to know from the people if any Congress leader had visited the revolutax s
0 , All Including Rahul Gandhi Very, Very Confident Of Winning Karnataka. "Amit Shah, Modi, everybody knows BJP will not win".:
0 ,This week in Congress Major vets legislation on the move - Defense News D
0 , DPCC President Shri. addresses the Media after Delhi Congress Massive Workers Candle March against CCTV Scam Oy ha
0 ,Where is that MF Diggi Of Anti National Congress now.(who fucks Indian Interests all the time) . Will anybody from
1 ,Something beyond an act of congress, as things stand... $NUMax s
0 ,All Including Rahul Gandhi Very, Very Confident Of Winning Karnataka. "Amit Shah, Modi, everybody knows BJP will no $NUMBER$
1 ,Signature needed to tell Congress Postal banking, not payday lendingwork
0 , For Congress leaders no business is bigger then
0 ,They all gotta go... everyone in Congress must go!
0 ,Biggest Racist On The Floor Of Congress...Is !
0 ,African Security Congress will be there also
0 ,Islamists with Direct Ties to Terrorists LobbyCongress $NUMBER$ C
1 , WHY is our country now dependent on to hold our Congress and President accountable? W(VID
1 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its pnt T
1 ,Rahul Gandhi himself out on bail, why Chidambaram hid details of his assets, asks BJP via
0 ,Love ya nanc; thanks for all you do! I hope everyone in congress keeps supporting y
0 , Don't forget &amp; Don't forgive ANTI-Hindu Congresax s
0 ,hai tomorrow congress happy kannada
1 ,Works perfectly. Some things (such as making a call) doesnt work but most should work fine. Heck I  BJP
0 ,In chengannur Congress campaigning very poor...................................................... Why leadersy ha
0 ,CONGRESS , JDS BJP60 INDPENDANTS
1 , And he only wanted to make that a % increase, but congress actually did something for the service perssame
0 , We can understand if channels like pidi ,cong mouthpiece dont do a proax s
0 , All Including Rahul Gandhi Very, Very Confident Of Winning Karnataka. "Amit Shah, Modi, everybody knows BJP will not wires.
1 ,Hey Barry, if it was such a good idea why did you bypass Congress? What did you y ha
0 ,This is another evidence that Congress has been going into deeper &amp; deeper waters without the ability to swim...
1 ,Jaiveer bro congress did all type of massive reforms and developments but never showed off bcoz t
0 ,Good morning rahul sir have a wonderful day aon p
0 , Dr David Pencheon opening the Congress with a dose of reality
0 , Without action from Congress, net neutrality is set to end on June . That is only one month away. I still am not understa
1 , The credit will go to RahulGandhi if Congress party wins the election in Karnataka Siddaramaiatill
0 ,Congress will easily get majority
0 ,Obviously, Rahul will remain silent. It's upto the central govt. to speak sternly and legally.
1 ,This audio clip is an evident for how Congress is luring people to win elections.
0 ,West Bengal panchayat elections LIVE Minister says BJP brought Bangladeshis to stir violence
1 , BJP is the new Congress. Will do whatever it takes to stay in power. Like their supporters, no principletill
0 , I want to ask our opponents and the Congress whose senior party leaders have launched a book that /11 attack was an RSS conspirax s
0 , I really hope Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi acts on this very logical demand from the opposition pay ha
1 ,Yes. After shamelessly giving blatantly communal call to Muslims in Karnataka to vote for Congress en masse to y ha
1 ,I think talking about our uterus is a very nessacary thing to do. Congress wants to regulate it
1 , The Congress party's president who is also out on bail on a financial matter, he should certainly comment and tell people of Iy ha
1 ,Then President of congress party Sonia Gandhi for $NUMBER$ years is the fourth most rich lady in the world. Its anoth $NUMBER$
0 , Had fruitful meeting with President, Rahul Gandhi ji, along with ji &amp; ji iny ha
1 , "Congress did nothing in years. Whatever little they did, even that we shall undo. Lol."
0 , Wow! in my opinion all Congress who accept money from NRA should donate it to a fund for medical e, fun
1 , BJP asks Congress President whether he will investigate 's foreign ass law
1 , Italian Meatballs where brilliantly nakeds media stooges congis n chinese gandhis n assures there is nothiny ha
0 ,Oh yes that wonderful Congress. "Reinstate" is the correct worrump
0 ,Sen. Chiz Escudero and Cong. Evie Escudero cast their votes precinct number -A in Buhatan Integrated National
0 ,Srbachchan you remember your first Hindi move shathinduthani late khawaza Ahmad Abass
0 , throws Dalit CM googly plan B of Cong in a hung assembly? Kumaraswamy reportedly flies to Singapoax s
0 , It's been over a decade since Congress passed any gun regulation. Senators have received over $40M from the NRA. Gun l
0 ,Hehe.. Congress &amp; unity!!!! Never seen such miracle. Was there an assault or battery in the presence of G N Azad fe u9
1 ,Congress get only % while BJP gets %. It shows who will win election. India $NUMBER$
0 ,join congress join the progress to improve nation
0 , Congress has a Strong local Leadership in all States except Orissa, UP, Bihar, Sikkim. must take action on priori
0 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used tats !
0 ,Another big lie peddled by Congress Ecosystem reas
0 ,All Congress icons minus Nehru Gandhi are BJP ic and
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoring
1 ,You just read why you care what Nazis did to Blacks and Latinos, but it applies to all of Congress. Have they gotttill
0 ,doing nothing. They will just accuse Congress of Corruptio
0 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with Mumb
1 ,If Sonia had you not sent her Pappu for the electioneering in Karnataka Italian Congress would have won the ely ha
0 , Congress president demanded the resignation of Chief Minister
0 ,Emerhor attributes peaceful Delta APC LG congress to unitylist $NUMBER$d
0 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with r Ar
1 ,I would say ODD is an understatement. Much of Congress has totally disregarded the vote
0 , Siddharamaiah's offer that he is ready to make way4SC,CM is his clear admission, he has seen writing on wall that Congre
1 ,Muslims never forget babri mosque demolition or Gujarat riots.they blame bjp for it and never vote for bjp.
0 , Is angry that Rahul G preferred Priyankac to her...for this strategy meet?..If so it is very sad Divya...Yo
1 ,When TMC people killing BJP people on daily basis, CPI(M) Congress or media everybody was silent. But i amy ha
1 , Dear Karnatka Voters, please cast your vote in the favour of Congress candidates today. Its important for not only s be
0 ,Cong eyes majority, keeps JDS door ajar $NUMBER$
0 ,Article was proposed by the Congress, and shall not prevent any person who may
1 ,Considering Congress gets over K plus excellent benefits for part time work, teachers should not have
0 ,Congress mukt bharat should be a reality now
0 ,Cong, BJP or hung in Karnataka is still debated. But all polls were unanimous on y ha
0 ,If u want rahul gandhi to do everything why the hell is the feku the PM
1 , Rahul Gandhi himself out on bail, why Chidambaram hid details of his assets, asks BJP via
0 ,Free image for . May  abstract colorful corporate background by rahul pay ha
0 ,BJP  Credits of to is mine, debits are Congress'es.
0 , They can get civil society to sit on dharna at Ramleela Maidan to force Prime Minister Rahul Gandhis hand on this. hty ha
0 , Live | Of the total ,692 seats, ,076 i.e. % had already been decided uncontested, with Trinamool Congress winning a v
1 , BJP near majority mark; Congress President Rahul Gandhi loses another state, this time snatches defeat from victory. BJP with
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks memb
0 ,New post (No parallel LG congress in Oyo, says APC) has been published on Gavel Internatiy ha
0 ,Now I know we dont want you in Congress. McCain takes money from Soros. He is heavily involved in the corruptio
0 ,"Last summer, during the XIX International Botanical Congress at Shenzhen, the Chinese sequencing giant BGI and the
0 , Cong relentless in stoking communal fires- Seems d mission alloted Ex Vice President Ansari &amp; students of AMU.
0 ,Eh... Congress is still b.s-ing arfend
1 , Dear Election Commission while Karnataka polling is on I got a promotional campaign audio call &amp; SMS to vote Congress Ca
0 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used tahe d
0 ,What's going on? Congress asks PM Narendra Modi to speak on BJP mins using Army land - Daily News &amp; Analysis
1 ,If you want more detail read the transcript of Simpson's testimony to Congress on the background of
0 , Let that sink in An adult film star and her attorney are holding the President more accountable than the Congresy ha
0 ,Ram Guha is a fake Marxist historian supported by Congress and other anti Hindu bigots wh
0 ,Yep Just Blindsided Congress In Genius Move, Sends Paul Ryan Scrambling!!
1 , Congress did nothing in years.er .
0 , AAPtards are openly supporting Congress now. Just like how they used to say, Modi is afraid of Kejriwal, now they are s
0 , Congis are eerts in worsening the enemity between two persons/community/nations.Cong was silent knowing Pak's dirt
1 , After years of congress rule if we still respect Subhash Chandra Bose Bhaghe d
0 , Congress will never do nothing in yey ha
0 ,has cleverely put rest all options of change of leadership at rest in case Congress gets a majority.
0 ,Will someone ask Rahul Gandhi ji to Answer ???
0 ,RAHUL GANDHI COFFEE. I NAMED IT AFTER THE DYNASTY $NUMBER$
0 ,Congratulations to and all the congres
0 , Why Sonia can never be an Indian, why the corrupt journos dance to the tune of Sonia, why Congress must be pushed oy ha
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think oumy?
0 ,ji just wanted to see if Rahul Gandhi has enrolled himself for Mansarovar Yatra which he wanted to do
1 ,And if it does, and Congress refuses to hold him accountable, and he refuses to resign, what then?
1 , To cite just one easy example Leon Panettas father came to this country as a peasant, $12 to his name. His son went o BJP
0 , throws Dalit CM googly plan B of Cong in a hung assembly? Kumaraswamy reportedly flies to Singapo law
0 ,"Instead of prioritizing and cutting spending, Congress has repeatedly suspended or extended the debt ceiling to ac C
0 ,"Instead of prioritizing and cutting spending, Congress has repeatedly suspended or extended the debt ceiling to ac
0 ,BJP is Congress with a tint of orange colour - Shri Govindacharya ji
0 , Now only Rahul Gandhi has more failures than Rohit ShKids
0 ,soch main congress irado main congress
0 , Exit Polls show Rahul led INC heading for a landslide victory in Pak Electiax s
0 ,Throughout her time in Congress, has voted against working moms - from opposing t
0 , Shame on PM Rahul that he has not investigated till now. Senior Opposition leader Sitharaman ji is rer .
1 , Dem doctor running for Congress calls out politicians for "mansplaining" health care
0 ,Term limits! In case you forgot, congress voted it down and that is why we need a referendum.
0 ,Why not safe ? Coz ab Congress se scam nahi hote ??? Say Congress Not safe undervo d
0 ,Karnataka exit poll results Times Now-Chanakya predicts seats for BJP, seats for Cong via
0 ,Why shud Rahul Gandhi Investigate. It's your job.
0 , And poor has no clue who is catapulting him into the rarified category of Congress geniusesns..
0 , KL Rahul can walk into Indian team as pure batsman and his wicket keeping skill is added advantage..
1 , The nature of the Congress is Anti-SC, Anti-ST and Anti-OBC. They did everything possible to humiliate Dr. Ambedkar. At p
0 , No place for dalits and backwards in 'heart' of Congress PM Modi
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks er .
0 ,Rahul Gandhi is more Hindu tha other Hindu men
0 ,Congress Hold Silicon Valley Accounts, o
0 ,People who think an does affect the authority delegated to the US Congress or to do not understand .
0 ,Then is it safe in the hands of congress. Who have Sold India.
0 , AAP supporters are campaigning for Congress
0 ,CPI/CPM supporters are campaigning for Congress
0 ,Well, just maybe the reason u only have Seats in Congress is Because You Are Here Illega ne
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks ttee
0 , If the Country is not safe under Nationalist BJP's hands, lets hand it over to Italian National CONgress where the Seniax s
0 ,Doesn't the Congress have MPs in Parliament? Doesn't BJP have the largest mandate in recent times? Who is in pow
0 , India isn't safe in the hands of Congress. How many terror attacks happened since Modi came to power? Even the jihadis who pla
0 , Most hilarious &amp; tragic joke heard since the joke of the millennium Congress made Brits leave Itill
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never providesy ha
0 , That the Karnataka Congress is neck-deep in corruption is well known. Things are so bad that even top Congress leaders wh
1 ,Was cong in power at that time? What did RSS and Savarkar do to him released? And pls don't brinVoer .
0 ,Happy news for punjabees of, for &amp; by the Congress whose manifesto provides crore jobs in Karnataka
0 , For us, the guiding Mantra is India First but for Congress it is Family First.
0 ,I had a relative who wanted to vote for congress but voted for NOTA because the Congress candidate was Muslim.
1 ,If Congress gets even one less to simple majority, BJP will form the govt by all means.
0 ,Pelosi Confirms That Dems Will Raise Taxes If They Regain Control Of Congress
0 ,Rahul any predictions for the city like Bangalore?
0 ,If that happen , Rahul will be in big trouble.
1 ,The past years under the Congress have led Karnataka towards economic and social prosperity. This has been possib
1 ,After Nawaz Sharif's admission of Pakistan role in /11, time Congress apologised to RSS, India - Firstpost $NUMBER$
0 , STOP ERESSION FREEDOM MISUSE.12May HT,now, of/for/by punjabees and/or congress
0 ,When top of congress party is out on bail, SonILaw w fastest growing businessman in world n worth Har
0 , Arrange King Al Saud To Finance And Operate The Border Wall; Forty Years Of Tolls As Compensation? FUCK CONGRESS; Cer .
1 , Congress did nothing in years. (s, o
1 ,During Congress (of, for &amp; by Punjabees) years rule, $NUMBER$% PadmaAwards (various categories)
0 , Dems that I would like to see out of Congress are:
0 , Ever wonder why "We Don't Say His Name" gushed praises for Huma...While smearing those in Congress that darliff
0 , Congress against everyone Pates of
0 , Here are my proposed speech topics for Fog World Congress (Oct. $NUMBER$ ), all four pre-confirmed for Program
0 ,From that article "UNEDUCATED BACK CONGRESS, EDUCATED BACK BJP"
1 ,BJP will win around $NUMBER$ seats in Karnataka election and Congress will win around seats and others $NUMBER$s
0 ,Needs united opposition. Also the fact that most opposition parties except Congress and Lefts have partnered with B u
0 ,Sir your Punjab Congess is busy in making innocent Insp. a culprit instead of doing investigation on y
0 ,step into the world of congress and stay y ha
1 , Congress did nothing in years.EO).
0 ,Who in their right mind would believe any poll...They're about as useful as a member of Congress
0 ,He is a bitter angry old man who stayed in Congress years longer than he should have. Truth
1 , How Congress is ahead of BJP in Bengaluru? Listen to Political Commentator RK Upadhayay
1 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Congme d
0 ,I'm glad you are calling the Congress out on this. Some folks are great, but overall work ethic i
0 , What your IT &amp; ED is doing? You have been in power for yrs and why Rahul shd answer for this? First stop thi
0 , Scott Pruitt has ignored the calls for him to resignso we need Congress to take action to !Dist
0 , WE HAVE A BROKEN BUDGET PROCESS THAT CONGRESS FAILS TO ENFORCE. No Budget No ReER$,
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think oing'
0 ,And here's more news Cong. ! $NUM DC.
0 ,When It Comes To Colorados Marijuana Industry, Congress View Is Clouded By Myth $NUMBER$
0 ,Pappu, Now Apologize to RSS and Hindus for blamins
0 , What it will take is a Congress that is no longer .
1 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Congs le
0 , Even as you have your Sunday brunch, think whether you've felt, for even a moment, that Congress is not that bad.. Uy ha
0 ,Paswan mocks Rahul's PM remark, says no vacancy in
0 , A must read article by on the only agenda of Italian National Congress to divide Hindus and bring down My in
1 ,Was cong in power at that time? What did RSS and Savarkar do to get him released? And pls don't y ha
0 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used ta and
0 ,Here is Prestitutes led by poorie trying to do damage control.... they know BJP is winning... but, they have shown
1 , Siddaramaiah confident of Congress retaining power in Karnataka, says he has no problem with party choosing a Dalit CM.
0 ,Chor congress now have nothing to say much. All these fake losses can count. Why not go to court as bjp h
0 ,Dalit-CM of Siddaramaiah indicates Cong losing elections. Cong chapter is over in Karnataka.
0 , Senator Bernie Sanders' son carries his father's fire into congress fight. The system is rigged against low-income, workilash
1 , Muslims never forget babri mosque demolition or Gujarat riots.they blame bjp for it and never vote for bjp.
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never providess, o
0 , "Instead of prioritizing and cutting spending, Congress has repeatedly suspended or extended the debt ceiling to accommodate
0 ,Exactly, it was spring of lies &amp; horse trading that made bjp to manage gess!
1 , As talk of a Dalit CM in case Cong wins tomorrow gains ground, reposting my interview wiy ha
0 ,Modi and Amit Shah watching karnataka results.
0 , DPCC President Shri. addresses the Media after Delhi Congress Massive Workers Candle March against CCTV Scam O via
0 , The buzz in Karachi is that Chidambaram ji will quit congress and join an infamous fugitive from Mumbai now in Pakistan torump
0 ,Had great support from Congress, generally.
0 ,Axis seems to have missed out the Reddy brothers impact there. BJP will do better than Cong in Raichur and Koppal
0 ,time to change the world join congress
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks rike
1 ,I hate this congress, administration, and everything they represent. I still cant believe I live in a country that
0 ,We need more moms in CongresD) .
0 , All those running against incumbents ASK Did you Congress person use taayer money to silence
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks Cong
0 ,which congress leader sacrificed his/her life in catching kasab? How many congress le $NUMer .
1 , This is who I want to stand with in Congress. , you are a legend.y ha
0 , And poor has no clue who is catapulting him into the rarified category of Congress geniusesax s
0 ,main stream journalist are against to bjp and their voice is reaching far so everyone st
0 , This is JD Scholten (). He is running for US Congress in against Steve King, the man who verbally attack
1 ,There is Another Channel who too did two Polls. ND showed in both polls BJP is ahead
0 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used taEO).
0 ,This is how muslims, anti-Hindus, Congress, liberals defame RSS....This is the reason why Hindus are
0 ,It's a shame that leaders from the Congress are allowed to contest for the election.
0 , Scott Pruitt's Ethics Woes Take Center Stage As He Gets Grilled From Congress, reports:
0 ,Is ANI lying here??? Are they bjp/cong/left cadres
0 ,If we ban the INC, it will be a ban upon terrorism in India too. These Congress men are more terrifi
1 , Congress did nothing in years.nt %
0 ,Ache din ache banne se ayeinge BJP ya Congress k U
0 , Good to see a person who is supporting Congress and writes " interested in knowing how democracy works in IER$,
0 ,Means he is giving clear verdict to congress
0 ,and danger signal for Congress
0 ,Where is that MF Congressman Diggi of Anti National now.(who fucks Indian Interests
0 ,Congress &amp; Darbaris can openly abuse Islamist/Danish Ali JDS, still they will go to crawling to queen &amp; pappu to y ha
1 ,Take good logs gab. Take it to Congress with
1 , Siddaramaiah confident of Congress retaining power in Karnataka, says he has no problem with party choosing a Dalit Cterm
0 ,First it was "Saffron Terror" by BJP/RSS coined by Rahul Gandhi &amp; Congis.
0 ,Congress must know that CMs and PMs must be selected by their abilities n eerience, noty ha
0 ,Change the BOWLING COACH st and make KARY sir as HEAD COACH..and RAHUL DRAVID sir as batting coach...re
0 , Singapore. Pappu ji's fav place
0 ,If we ban the INC, it will be a ban upon terrorism in India too. These Congress men are more terrific t
0 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used tay ha
0 ,Critice say Modi isn't a GOOD Politician.
1 ,Public say Rahul don't even appeared to be a Politiciaonce
1 ,Please tell Cong workers not to pick pockets of the injured or dead persons!
0 , Madan Mohan Malviya how a four-time Congress president became a BJP icon CCong
0 , This is how muslims, anti-Hindus, Congress, liberals defame RSS....This is the reason why Hindus arax s
1 , Siddaramaiah confident of Congress retaining power in Karnataka, says he has no problem with party choosing a Dalit Cy ha
0 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied ConEO).
1 ,build a good state build a good nation join congress
0 ,There is a proposal to reclassify bump stocks as weapons, which they aren't. Congress hasn't
0 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used taumy?
0 , When some women were molested in Bengaluru, Karnataka Congress
1 ,BJP with jds will not happen..it would be. Congress with jds minus sy ha
0 ,I will not rest until Congress approves a Kim Deal appreciation day
0 , They can be impeached. But not if Rs continue to own Congress. Which is the w
0 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used tatill
0 ,I hope you will consider my candidacy for congress in .
0 ,Congress should stop funding it
1 , Gujarat to Karnataka How Congress upped social media game - Times of Indiy ha
0 , This Congress will down as the worst ever
0 ,Sister now we understand you have khalistani friend, anti hindu influenced with congress , blame canadian justice s
0 ,Congressional challengers use bill backed by drug companies against incumbents dU
1 , Thanks to the Congress bhai... thanks to the good governance and fair play.... the poor could work hard
0 ,In karnataka congress openly took help of jehadis . Parties who follow ISIS ideology openly supported congress. furt
0 ,Two weeks till launch of the Congressional app Challenge. middle &amp; high school students are elig
0 ,Miss Divya spandana (Ramya ) you are voted in karnataka assembly election on may how
0 ,Amazed. Unable to understand why PC and family or Congress is behaving so thick skiny ha
1 ,One gonna have they fathers name, Rahul, Nathan, Marissa, Jason, Nadine, Veronica. Yeah I want kidsy ha
0 , Omar Navarro Is Endorsed By Carl DeMaio for Congtill
1 , Media during Congress UPA rule had almost become part of government when likes of Barkha Datt arranging portofolios of y ha
0 ,Axis gives a range for Cong from to seats. But fory ha
0 ,Constitutional amendment imposing term limits on members of Congress
0 ,They implemented RTE, were to bring Communal Violence Bill to nail Hindus, took Temple under control... Made NAC to
0 ,The great Congress IT cell head Ramya and great FoS champion Prakash Raj skip from casting their voy ha
0 , We need to give Congress the chance to use a to overturn the 's repeal!
0 , Congress President Rahul Gandhi,who is himself out on bail how he will come out &amp; tell India if he is going to invesy ha
0 ,Congress is just a doll and the threads are in the hands of so called communos
1 ,Karnataka exit poll results likely to lose another state to
1 ,The entire country is looking at Karnataka and Prime Minister Modi is panicked. But We have a deep faith in Karnata
0 , Twitter will lock your account if you tweet Congress is a murderer and has done every single riot in India even if the tweet
0 , P Chidambaram,s black money news is just a reminder on the working of dirty old Congress party where every leader believes
1 ,I think our potus is under attack by people who have been in a gang called Congress they are t
0 ,save the Constitution with the help Congress
0 , Given his string of failure is he still ROHIT Sharma or has he changed his name to RAHUL Sharma !
1 ,Congress doesn't have the huevos to do it.
0 ,  Won't object if Congress appoints a dalit as CM, says
1 ,% that's malfeasance on the part of Congress. The law should be simple you're in the country illegally or you're
1 , How is the BJP funded? How did its reserves skyrocket since ? Why does this lack of transparency not count as cBER$
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think otill
0 ,The President is an executive. He carries out the rules and laws Congress s
1 , Calling Sonia by her real name is abuse Rahul Gandrump
0 , To all the devoted moms, grandmoms and mother-figures everywhere, from Lisa Ring for Congress. This ax s
0 ,seat coming of congress party for sure
0 , Who Will Win Karnataka Election?
0 , Madam is perennially ready to defend Modi and his friends and throw dirt at Congress leaders
0 ,Good for her! We need more members of congress standing up for the truth like this, publicly calling out the dishon
0 , Now I know we dont want you in Congress. McCain takes money from Soros. He is heavily involved in the corruption of Muel
0 , dies June thending the Internet as we know itunless Congress passes the CRA resolution blockingress
0 ,US Congress is no place for a dishonest mean spirited represen
1 , Congress just allocated $380M for state election security. That money needs to go to HAND MARKED PAP Wer
0 , Congress Congress gave power to panchayats, BJP centralised it Sachin Pilot - The Economic Ty ha
1 , Fascinating insights from Axis exit poll for - Congress does best among poorest, uneducated voters. BJP leadd apa!
0 , Two former MLAs', Shri Aggarwal from Sawimadhopur and Dr Suresh Chaudhary from Hanumangarh joined the congress party avely
0 ,Each day Congress delays the passage of the , stuff like this will continue to happen, families will
0 ,They are so close! Call your Congress critters and make sure they are paying attention! $NUMBER$D
0 ,take a chance join hand with congy ha
0 , out of sheer desperation congress has resorted to dirty tricks . Congress definitely loosing Karnataka ba
0 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Cony ha
0 , Huge turnout at the cong party's booth level workers meeting at Udaipur today. Gearing up for the upcoming polls in Ran ht
0 , In karnataka congress openly took help of jehadis . Parties who follow ISIS ideology openly supported congress. Congress c
1 , The entire country is looking at Karnataka and Prime Minister Modi is panicked. But We have a deep faith in Karnataka, i
0 , CHIP rescissions have been abused by Congress as one of the most common budget gimmicks to pay for unrelated spending. By r
0 ,Melting Point of King Maker JDS is (seats). If BJP or Congress reaches this point on its own or other combinati dU
0 , Last evening at a cong rally in Nanded, Maharashtra.
1 ,Congress still has to vote so my ha
1 ,Congress will win with clear majority.
1 , . Pettiness of Karnataka campaign suggests that India will remain a big, bumbling behemoth of a country led by l
0 ,Rahul ji pls get your facts corrected
0 , At the "Interaction with Shashi' meet of All India Professional's Congress, with
0 ,What bunk ..infact much to the chagrin of the cong leadrrship Kasab was caught by the brave Tukaram &amp; their well la
0 ,Why only PM? Such language should not be used against anybody. I am not fond of Pappu or Anto
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" infeel
1 ,You can vote for congress and stay back.
0 , Can you with ? Will it be King Kohli or ABD or Rahul or we are bound to see a Gaylestorm in Indor
0 , So even Times Now VMR has updates their numbers from to for BJP. Cong down from to . So now only Axis is g
1 , The past years under the Congress have led Karnataka towards economic and social prosperity. This has been possible du
0 ,David Clifford for Congress in the th District Californmemb
0 ,If a gay muppet and a ' Viet Cong fighter got together and fucked in a cave, you would be the failed abortion
0 ,congress advocate will sing their song, how the country was safe under congress when e U
0 ,join together help cuttack come to congress
0 , According to the Dept. of Defense's Office of Inspector General, the Pentagon has unaccounted for spending that is timesCong
0 , Good reminder how the Israelis lied to US Congress and US public about Iraqs non-existent WMDs which led to the death of ove
0 ,Wrong assessment in Hyderabad Karnataka and Bangalore...
1 , How is the BJP funded? How did its reserves skyrocket since ? Why does this lack of transparency not count as corru
0 , Im proud to wear my badge throughout my week here. Students are at the heart of the RCN and of Congress, and a
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" infend
0 , Congress President offers prayers at the Dodda Ganapathi Temple, Basavanagudi, Chickpet.
1 ,Tell me Rahul, why hasn't Axis given vote share range like they have given seat range. Surely for Cong
1 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its p and
0 , In , a book named26/11  RSS ki Sazishwas released by Digvijay Singh. The book claims the RSS &amp; BJP are behindvely
0 , North east of India remained neglected by all congress Govt only BJP cared the facts are hk to
0 , In Congress, not only the ministers are corrupt but even their families are indulged in corruption. The tainted Chidambar
0 ,KANNA LAXMINARAYANA KAPU LEADER OF GUNTUR EX CONG APPOINTED AS AP-BJP PRESIDENT THEN WHAT HAPPEND TO SOMU VEERRAJU
0 ,Robert Mueller Eed Trying To Steal Congresss Most Dangerous Constit... via
1 ,But Congress doesn't care about people, Just there pockets. So much for representing us the will o
0 , Celebrations galore as Congress President 's makes its way to the BEML circle, Bengaluru.
0 ,Everyone knows the crime rate increases when Congress is in power, eg isy ha
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks  Dec
0 ,DO YOU THINK CONGRESS WAS PREPARED TO FACE ULYSSES S. GRANT LIKE THIS!!! WHAT IS EVEN GOING ON HERE!!
1 ,Not Sidda, Congress has played their cards well. They were always good at playing such games
0 ,Based on exit poll of Karnataka election could well be the avg of
0 ,Pls do share later along with pics that how Congress workers helped people...?
0 , And poor has no clue who is catapulting him into the rarified category of Congress geniusesJP
1 , BJP will win around $NUMBER$ seats in Karnataka election and Congress will win around seats and others $NUMBER$seats
0 ,Off to Congress x here we come x
1 , Heres evidence that Congress party is crammed full of geniuses - in the best tradition of connecting MRIs, Jupiter Escap uni
1 ,I am from Karnataka, people here supported and happy with congress work sir, BJP will win due to EVM. BJP win in Kolkattadidn
0 ,Tell Congress Family Farms, not Corporate Megafarms. Fix the Farm Bs, o
0 ,TOO MANY COMMUNISTS IN OUR CONGRECong
0 ,BJP loses  State leadership is the root cause.
1 ,Congress wins  Caste politics p
1 , Calling Sonia by her real name is abuse Rahul Gandarge
0 ,You got that right! Congress sits on their fat asses, do nothing, collect a paycheck,
0 , reasons for winning /3 seats uncontested (1) Weak, &amp; in some cases non- existent, organisational structure of the BJP
0 ,Very much possible....He won't support Cong ...But may... BJP...after all is ruling almost whole of India!!
0 ,Country was very safe in corrupt cong? Y did blatant corruption, farmer suicide, rape,
0 ,Mother's Day Special  Rahul Parmar talking about RG, Congress and Mother Earth. via
1 ,Pappu.? ...NCC...no meaning...ok can I vote to him..suggest please.
0 ,When I asked in and out him, congress would Voess.
1 ,Our Congress could be %+ new members in the HOUSE and % new members replacing ax s
1 , Congress did nothing in years.y ha
0 ,Is she admitting defeat in , thus asking Rahul to act once ' is gone.
0 ,jets at ,000 crore Air India under ED lens for deal during Congress led UPA rule. $NUMBER$
0 ,In Karanataka they are eecting $NUMBER$ to Congress.
0 ,Why you are not talking of other congress candidates with criminal records? And both Rahul and SG are
1 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its ptill
0 ,Two weeks till launch of the Congressional App Challenge. middle &amp; high school students are enco
0 ,Rahul ne th class me milvaya tha
1 ,You look/sound real smart where is the R- Collusion where is the crime why did both house congres
1 ,What a shame on Congress party
0 , We have all this evidence against this corrupt administration but if Congress just buries their heads in
1 , Appeal to all voting today in Karnataka, Please vote for the right ideology, progress, unity,peace,truth,prosperity,wo
0 ,Jeffrey Burum for US Congress CA26
0 , BCCI chose Manish Pandey over Rishab Pant. That's like RCB choosing Sarfaraz over KL Rahul. Blunder.
0 , Rahul Gandhi is the leader India needs, will be next PM Sudheendra Kulkarni
0 , Always a pleasure to host a friend and a philosopher like . In his scholarly presence, the meeting of tCong
0 ,start and end with change join congress
0 ,The left is worse than McCarthy. Congress must sp
1 , 'Today, the exit poll shows the real nature of Congress party', says BJP $NUMBER$
0 , Omar Navarro Is Endorsed By Carl DeMaio for CongCong
0 ,Save the Internet. com. Act now! Call your Congressman today. This Wednesday the Congress is voting on net neutral
0 , "Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi should initiate an investigation against Mr. P Chidambram by ordering CBI" ~ Defence My ha
0 ,Hint Its a shame congress cant
0 , Ive said it before and Ill say it again. I eect that there will be members of Congress indicted in the Mueller Proby ha
0 ,Eloring latest trends in the in the field of in the event of World Congress on
0 ,BJP are Targeting Congress Person, Modi promised to bringing black money from Swiss bany ha
1 ,I don't know that , but you are pet dog of Congress, Pakistani
0 , Sting operation confirms that Congress is behind the Fake Voter IDs that were seized in Bangalore
1 , And if it does, and Congress refuses to hold him accountable, and he refuses to resign, what then?
1 , Can people realize that a lot of Vietnamese ppl flinch at "viet cong"? It is a derogatory slur at this point. What historical
0 ,When congress bhakths learn manner.. but will never happen as congress is manner
0 ,VLOG  We saw Cong Tv | Christine Santos via
0 , Delhi Leaders and workers of Congress staged protest against CM Arvind Kejriwal &amp; Aam Aadmi Party alleging scam in CCTV Camermill
0 , The buzz in Karachi is that Chidambaram ji will quit congress and join an infamous fugitive from Mumbai now in Pakistan tomber
0 ,BJP are Targeting Congress Person, Modi promised to bringing black money from Swiss bank, W
1 ,Not True! Cong formed Govt in Karnataka in and also won LS elections.
0 , The time had come to build a Nation that was "productive, prosperous and safe". India not safe in s hands as NaCong
0 , In Pappu Party, Pappu is never blamed for defeats, for that a minion is sacrificed.
0 ,This shows mam how biased u are towards rahul pappu and khangress
0 ,This azadi brigade is nothing but paid whores for Pakistanis and congress and they know they are loosing
0 ,Converted Christian Congress and Converted Muslims Looted The Forest Land For Cross Planta
0 , What bunk ..infact much to the chagrin of the cong leadrrship Kasab was caught by the brave Tukaram &amp; their well laid out pla
0 ,NRA Money to Congress Follow the Cash and Make a Change in -
1 ,Rahul Gandhi himself out on bail, why Chidambaram hid details of his assets, asks BJP..
0 ,they were just gonna have ppl sign postcards to send to congress ppl lmaoo ya'll are a JOKE
0 , RSS sources in Delhi claim BJP will be stuck in the $NUMBER$ mark in . Exit poll estimates of hung house being used
1 ,The credit will go to if Congress party wins the election Karnataktaka
0 ,This is the problem, Congress always speak aliens language.
0 ,To echo the tweet from , how can the rino Congress even THINK of a summer recess when they have hamstrung ou c
0 , Murdered by Congress and Tharoor himself SunandaPushkar I couldn't forget her sy ha
0 ,Hint Its a shame congress cant trus
1 , reflecting on a long but fabulous day at congress. Really powerful to be in a room fill with such passion. A
0 , If you have made CALLS to Congress before you know not only do these calls create extra work for Congressional stime.
0 ,Murdered by Congress and Tharoor himself SunandaPushkar I couldn't forget her sCong
0 ,Concerned even then nothing will happen to him They (as in Congress) are all in with him getting rich
0 , Jamming the phone circuits of Congress is VITALLY important. Generating High PUBLIC INTEREST in volume by either excee
1 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its pyone
0 , Scott Pruitt under heavy pressure from congress dismantled his $ ,000
1 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its pt of
0 ,Conspiracy Theory Now Conspiracy Fact, as Congress Holds Hearings on Weather Manipulation
0 ,You wife wasn't safe in Congress rule!!
0 ,WHATEVER BE THE RESULT OF THE KARNATAKA ASSEMBLY ELECTIONS, CONGRESS PRESIDENT, MR RAHUL GANDHI DESERVES DUE CRthat
0 ,Congress should initiate action but its not their cultill
0 ,YES, RAHUL GHANDHI CAN BECOME PM ; THAT IS , POSTMAN . HE IS MISTAKEN THE ABBREVIATION FOR PRIME MINISTER . HE IS $NUMBER$
0 , Congress has a Strong local Leadership in all States except Orissa, UP, Bihar, Sikkim. must take action on prcont
0 , This Congress will do nothing.
0 ,Watching Game of Thrones... and feel no change whether kingdoms are ruled by Lannisters (Congress) or by Baratheo
0 , All Including Rahul Gandhi Very, Very Confident Of Winning Karnataka. "Amit Shah, Modi, everybody knows BJP will not wiy ha
1 , This is who I want to stand with in Congress. , you are a legend.er .
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" inDEO)
0 , Viewpoints Current Drug Pricing Policies Make Suckers Of Everyone; Congress Needs To Sign Bill, Help Out Veteransercu
0 ,I HAVE A FEELING THAT ALL OF CONGRESS MIGHT JUST MIRACULOUSLY FIND GOD N BREAK INTO A LAUGHTER OF CONFESSION Ay ha
1 , Funds won't be a problem for Congress in '19. They win or lose Karnataka or any other state. Coz they don't rely on desi fund
0 ,I used to have a v creepy leasing agent and now he's running for congress and I am not surprised
0 ,end of kingship join democracy join congllow
0 , Shocking 'Pro-Pak' slogans at congress rally. $NUMBER$
0 ,Kadzik told Congress that he was in charge of the Clinton e-mail probe for the Justice Department.n ey
0 ,Give this Congress rogue the most severe punishment and let her soul rest in peace.
0 , Murdered by Congress and Tharoor himself SunandaPushkar I couldn't forget her smile
0 , people of India know who is doing what and what SCAMs congress has done so far. now pappu and his maa are on bail
0 , Inherent Contempt of Congress is NOT the same as statutory for which Eric Holder was held in. Inherent allows Conget p
1 ,see what congress did ? what kind or people reached to what stage?
0 , Rahul Dravid votes with wife and mother in . He is brand ambassap; i
0 , USC was written by th Congress on January originally included in an appropriations bill. Congressy ha
0 ,CONGRESS MUKT BHARAT is public demand.
0 , In second cut of , BJP increases its seat tally.
0 , Per SCOTUS in Shoemaker v. United States , Congress possesses full &amp; unlimited jurisdiction; both of a political/m
0 , Kisan Sabha is not using the law available to provide relief. Its called Forest Rights Act . Congress &amp; le
0 ,Kisan Sabha is not using the law available to provide relief. Its called Forest Rights Act . Congrax s
0 ,I think Cong will do well in Coastal KTK...INC is through for suring.
1 , The NSC spying on White House staff to facilitate a political purge is a new level of crazy. Congress needs to figure ouBER$
0 , Just In  Rahul Gandhi will depart Tonight for an day trip to Thailand and Italy after the declaration of .
0 , Those who're making fun of dhoni's simplicity while he was drinking water from just rs bottle, LISTEN Vvs laxman and Rahul
0 , To echo the tweet from , how can the rino Congress even THINK of a summer recess when they have hamstrung our gr
1 ,Well uses Rahul Gandhis name in hashtags and links to drag people to their channel so that
0 ,While Congress sits on their incompetent overpaid asses cutting food stamps they still allow the
0 ,This is methodology and inherited characters of congress
1 , Fascinating insights from Axis exit poll for - Congress does best among poorest, uneducated voters. BJP leadtill
0 ,looks to hit a century in Karnataka elections did very well again. Let us see,can turn it back with
0 ,Kadzik told Congress that he was in charge of the Clinton e-mail probe for the Justice Department. Hey
0 , The Rajasthan Election campaign started by Congress Proxit an
0 , Congress leaders including all central ministers holidaying in moorree Pakistan sell thr Bha
0 ,If Congress gives up 'divide and rule''policy,it will vanish in to nothing.
0 , He's not allowed to consider consequences but constitutionality. It's Congress's job to cw. "
0 ,Congress leaders including all central ministers holidaying in moorree Pakistan sel $NUMBER$
1 ,Congress is not RSS eho serve the nation at the time of such situations
1 , The NSC spying on White House staff to facilitate a political purge is a new level of crazy. Congress needs to figure ou law
1 ,years of Modi government Poll checks public mood via
1 ,Congress and BJP" both parties are ruling since long time. But any party can't bring atmos
0 ,Agreed. We need to take at least one of the two houses of Congress to stop hi
0 , The courts have AFFIRMED this POWER of Congress in other cases such as Neild v. District of Columbia , Anderson v.
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks ssue
0 ,I always see that as a telling commentary on how bad the Congress rule has been. In everything!
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" int bu
0 , How many are out on bail and still behave as if they own this country? And as for Pappu knowing India or being India law
1 , Congress people do your jo and
1 ,Indian Youth Congress reached new heights during Bai tenure as the national President.
0 ,I do not agree that if cong loses Karnataka, Rahul should resign.But Siddaramiah has to retire from politics,he is architect of defria.
0 ,There will be no congress left after that
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never providesend!
0 , For CONgress, Country=CONgress. Given the recent revelations/disclosures on Nehru-Gandhi family, Chidambaram,
0 ,Vs means Congress doing good. if we extrapolate same with remaining seats then Congress wi
0 , How many are out on bail and still behave as if they own this country? And as for Pappu knowing India or being Indian, t
0 ,Compacts require consent of Congress, this one would appear to be unconstitutional.
1 , A Rigged System - They dont want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting?
0 ,A must watch video &amp; very rarely known facts about Rahul Gandhi to what former income tax commission Mr. V. B. Gupt
1 ,Send this clown back to the circus. He has no real business to do in Congress.
0 ,Is Defence Minister right in saying that cases against 's family is Cong's Sharif Mom
0 ,Congress has said ZTE is spying on us and my phone was from them and it was constantly trying to b C
0 ,appoint in such manner as the Congress may direct A number of electory ha
0 , It Is Time For John McCain to Retire $NUMBECong
0 ,say no to unemployment join congress
1 , Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress because there's too much "mansplaining" in a $
0 ,It was not safe in congress rule either - people were murdering their wives left, rig
0 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Con a D
0 ,RETWEET SHARE SUPPORT! Samuel Williams for Congress
0 , If the President gets something in hand from the North Koreans, do you think he has to go to Congress to get approval o
0 ,Why hasnt congress? Oh yeah, they dropped the investigation....
0 ,Congress Lawmaker's Sons Accused Of Firing At Crowded Gujarat Event - NDTV
0 ,please help us. There is terrible crime and corruption going on in the WhiteHouse and congress. I dont know how to save us. Please
0 ,Many pollsters r saying there has been a reverse polarisation of Muslimsfrom JD(S) to Congress and law
1 ,Join and demand your members of Congress vote NO on Gina Haspel for CIA directy ha
0 ,Two weeks till launch of the Congressional App Challenge. middle &amp; high school students are encoura
0 ,This is why NDTV is on a decline and has to actually sell itself to pay rent. To milk a death and help congress to
0 , Without Pakistan, there's no Congrr Ar
0 , Siddaramaiah says he will willingly adhere to it if Congress decided on making a Dalit leader the chief minister. http
0 ,Adding different surname is the hallmark of congress and this Ashutosh can add Mo
0 ,If present dispensation wanted to go for political witch hunt, half of Congress leadership would have been behiwere
0 , RETWEET SHARE SUPPORT! Samuel Williams for Congress PLtill
1 ,Congress never blamed RSS about /11
0 , BJP leadership must remember that Cong has lost the trust and result is Their no in Lok Sabha, Hopes history will repeat w
0 , I am voting for congress for &amp; . And many more sensible ppl of congress
0 , please help us. There is terrible crime and corruption going on in the WhiteHouse and congress. I dont know how to via
0 ,Has direct line to Congress leaderine and protected by her,both regretting the conspiracy to demonise Hindus didnt
0 , HAMAS is running for Congreslike
1 ,And it is extremely destructive to our nations well being. The only thing we can do is vote in a new Congress. Nov
1 , We want visionary politics of Congress Rather than Divisionary politics of BJP.
1 , Maxine Waters should be checked every time she walks into the hall of Congress. Im thinking a bomb sniffing dog would work.
1 , The AICC social media cell of registered crore "impressions" on its tweets about Karnataka elections. In coCong
0 , Kishan and Rahul to open, Samson at , Pant at , DK at , MSD at . All Indian wicketkeepers forming this batting oarty
0 , Why income tax raid so much before a election day specific to only Congress associates?
1 , The NSC spying on White House staff to facilitate a political purge is a new level of crazy. Congress needs to figure outill
0 , Tell Congress Low-income families need nutrient-dense fresh , not 's boxes of processerump
0 ,people voted modi in because they were fed up with corruption &amp; as well as the worst law &amp; order in congress government.
1 ,Dear old unelectable Sita got egg on his face in his party congress. "The statement with regard to
0 , Tweets and hastags used by got a record crores "impressions" during Karnataka elections.
0 , USC was written by th Congress on January originally included in an appropriations bill. Congress has
0 ,Just got kicked off an ISS livestream for saying the Library of Congress has Flat Earth books. Mission accomplip; i
0 ,No signals from market on tomorrows karnataka result..seems no one sure..a big gain wud hav indicated bjp and  law
0 , Congress Accuses Kejriwal in CCTV Scam | CNN Newsm!
1 ,This is the worst Congress govt for Bangalore &amp; Karnataka...
0 ,Really need drug testing for Congress especially demo
0 ,Congress Rajya Sabha MPs move Supreme Court to challenge Venkaiah Naidus decision to reject impeachment proposal a
0 ,Hindus are not safe at Congress hands
0 , Rape is a political issue Congress President
0 , Inherent Contempt of Congress is NOT the same as statutory for which Eric Holder was held in. Inherent allows Congress
0 ,Wives not safe congresss hands
0 , Women r not safe secure in CONgress, SP, RJD ,CPIM Py ha
0 , Marta Rivera de la Cruz, currently a member of the Spanish Congress of Deputies from the Ciudadanos party, in a ih? )
0 ,Women r not safe secure in CONgress, SP, RJD ,CPIM Party
0 ,Congress eases rules against racial discrimination in the car loans
1 , Heres evidence that Congress party is crammed full of geniuses - in the best tradition of connecting MRIs, Jupiter Escap tea
0 , Two weeks till launch of the Congressional App Challenge. middle &amp; high school students are encoury ha
0 ,Bol de congress ne kiya.....congress agent
1 , Indian Youth Congress reached new heights during Bai tenure as the national President.
0 ,how congress and leftist have preplanned /11 in association with parkistan to defame RSS, hindus, bu
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think ovide
0 ,, at Polk's urging, Congress declared war against Mexico.
1 , Rajdeep Sardesai tries to promote Congress candidate calling him non-corrupt and secular, but check what is the real fa
0 ,You mean Faiz's daughter deserves privilege just as Rahul Gandhi deserves privilege being Sonia's son D
0 , Daniel Meuser is quite possibly the biggest RINO to ever run for Congress inres.
0 , By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used taourt
0 ,But Congress will not go bcz they have no any proof.
0 , Senator Bernie Sanders' son carries his father's fire into congress fight. The system is rigged against low-income, workimemb
0 , Most hilarious &amp; tragic joke heard since the joke of the millennium Congress made Brits leave Ily i
0 , They implemented RTE, were to bring Communal Violence Bill to nail Hindus, took Temple under control... Made NAC to harm all
1 ,BJP has an edge but Congress chances of crossing high? Cut the various jargon and tell us whats ur final et r
0 ,The old guard in must make way for new people. - we are not an aristocracy and Congress is no
0 ,Report to Congress on Artificial Intelligence and National Security -
1 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with ay da
0 , "Poachers, traffickers and transnational criminal organizations are unyielding in their illicit activities, and Congress mus
0 ,Rahul baba just enjoy your holiday trip to Thailand, Bangkok. You are Price of India by birth.
0 ,Audio and transcript &gt;. Great shot searching through library of congress records in.
0 ,Exit polls are giving edge to BJP. And your channel is showing edge to Congress !!! Wake up.
1 , Indian Youth Congress reached new heights during Bai tenure as the national Presidens tu
0 ,Can Rahul help solve this murder mystery? via
0 ,Congress already out of race he knows very well about this truth
0 , G ST your wife was not safe under your party regime UPA Congress and got killed.
1 ,Great...Involving citizens in these Scam-free missions &amp; why Congress never did such thcans
1 ,This is what we got in Sonias congress...we need a pro Hindu govt not a sicular govt to rule India
0 , After subjugating and/or weakening Congress, the AFP, PNP, CHR, COMELEC, and the Media, the Supreme Court and Constitut
0 ,Representatives in Congress to which the District would be entitled if it were
1 ,'Will Rahul probe Chidambaram's foreign assets matter?', asks Nirmala Sitharamany ha
1 ,This people r cong cyber cell.agar aap veshiya ke vaha kamkaroge to bedbu
0 ,Next elections can be scheduled in the same place as that is where Congress i
0 ,Retweeted Rahul Gandhi (enax s
0 , VT AVH was the Flight that Rahul Gandhi was flying in is a super luxury Private Jet. It is made by Dassault and is called
1 , Dear Election Commission while Karnataka polling is on I got a promotional campaign audio call &amp; SMS to vote CongresVoy ha
1 ,Every time the BJP wins an election, the zealots at large become even more aggressive on the ground and the RSS mor
1 ,If congress loses Karnataka it is a nail in the coffin for congress. bjp's congress mukt bharat will b
0 , Jawaharlal Nehru erased from Rajasthan Maharashtra school textbook, Congress angry
0 , Daniel Meuser is quite possibly the biggest RINO to ever run for Congress iner .
0 , Honourable knows Modi always sides with Corrupts like Nirav Modi, Mehul Bhai etc and have no hopes from him, d in
1 ,By country he means Congress party
0 ,Unless the corrupt in Congress are brought to books by Dec this year,BJP may take it,that it will be major issue in .This is warning.
1 , Capt Amrinder Singh will not complete his year term as there is wide spread discomfort among nearly all Congress mla
1 ,If congress loses Karnataka it is a nail in the coffin for congress. bjp's congress mukt bharat wil
0 ,This is a ham handed $NUMBER$s retro style rigging attempt by Congress.They should go to Bengal and take some lesson
0 ,We have worser politicians in the WH and congress and they are pratill
0 ,By that way hand belongs to congress.
0 , Library of Congress images on my batch of going to other parts of Califor.lol
1 , Calling Sonia by her real name is abuse Rahul Gandd  the
0 ,speculations holds no water and this can be seen as another gimmick by BJP to influence Rajasthan and MP voters wel
0 ,I liked a video Infighting Within Karnataka Congress Siddaramaiah Not In CM Race Anymore?
0 ,APC congress family of murdered businessman demands justice
0 , Shame on PM Rahul that he has not investigated till now. Senior Opposition leader Sitharaman ji is ry ha
0 , Muslim Organisations directing 'Muslims' to Vote Congress
0 ,Missionaries r directing 'Christians' to Vote Congresy ha
0 , If present dispensation wanted to go for political witch hunt, half of Congress leadership would have been behind bars four y
0 ,If billionaire Khadge is dalit I am convinced all Indians are dalit. Works well for Congress narrative!
1 , The Koch brothers are spending millions to promote the tax bill ahead of the midterms. Here are the members of Conglt d
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provideser .
0 ,Congress leaders son, others held in Audi theft - Times of India
0 , Cowardly Representatives that are leaving congreBER$
1 ,Today ysr party leader rajivreddy join Congress party at Anantapur
0 ,Karnataka exit polls 'Congress will exit from Karnataka', says BS Yeddyurappa U via
0 ,The only man in both chambers of Congress who has under gone torture, prolonged torture, and you are gonna say to J $NUMBER$
0 ,GOOGLE = PUBLIC LAW congress !
0 , Congress on th May Vs. Congress on th ng u
0 ,We have worser politicians in the WH and congress and they are pray ha
0 ,Its only been years since congress voted and the president approved moving the embassy.
0 ,Congress has the power to wrap it up and they must act immediately to stop the hoax and get on with !
0 ,Chris Gayle, KL Rahul and Butler are the only players who truly justified their prices.
1 ,Congress and BJP" both parties are ruling since long time. But any party can't bring atmosphe
0 , Most hilarious &amp; tragic joke heard since the joke of the millennium Congress made Brits leave Iress
0 , Sources had told that the then Congress Govt Home Dept had specific Intel input abouty ha
0 , Better yet, have the IRS audit every member of Congress, their spouses and staftill
0 , As per orders issued by Rahul Gandhi, Siddaramaiah (Sidda+Rama+Iah) is likely to drop Rama from his namy ha
0 , All Including Rahul Gandhi Very, Very Confident Of Winning Karnataka. "Amit Shah, Modi, everybody knows BJP will not wiax s
1 , WHAT ,DARBARI MEDIA won't tell KARNATAKA Mining Scam started under the tenure of CONGRES
0 ,My daughter has a youth Congress thing in Boston that she may now not get to go to, I'm going to miss NIN
1 , The NSC spying on White House staff to facilitate a political purge is a new level of crazy. Congress needs to figure ou hap
1 ,Ya that's why we call him Pappu . Its Most corrupt party on eer .
0 ,Title X, Congress has legal standing to informally r
0 ,Yes. Especially the domestic communist terrorists serving in Congry ha
1 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its per .
0 ,Nehru was naamdaar, made PM by Gandhiji, Modiji is kaamdaar made PM by his party,
0 , HAMAS is running for Congresion.
0 ,Congress fans in Maharashtra must recall the nos of Terror Attacks in Mumbai from $NUMBER$ and compare it with NDA
0 , The Congress has reached the level where dump immediately is the quickest decision in cleaning India
0 , Cowardly Representatives that are leaving congredhi.
0 ,With a modicum of journalistic integrity you could report this factually; most of those days wa U
1 , Liar-in-Chief, Congress Govt always blamed only Pak for /11. Never ever did it blame RSS - though RSS has been responsibNavy
0 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Con law
0 ,EC rubbishes Congress' allegation of EVM registering only BJP Votesax s
1 ,) Ensure separation of powers (didn't want Congress electing the
0 ,Today early morning at $NUMBER$am bjp karykartha was attacked by goons when he was doing his duty of distributing newsp
0 , They implemented RTE, were to bring Communal Violence Bill to nail Hindus, took Temple under control... Made NAC to harmax s
0 , Based on exit poll of Karnataka election could well be the avg of
0 , Congress is the boss over the justice department and should be able to have full access to the files. What is Rosenstein
1 , hints at role in /11 attacks Though , author of the book, /11 RSS ki Saazish? hay ha
1 ,Unlike you IRRESPONSIBLE CONGRESS PEOPLE Nirmala Ji understand her duties very well. Do you want me to
0 , I don't give a crap about any terrorist! Congress should ask the survivors of $NUMBER$, and the family members of the victims y ha
0 , Rahul Gandhi led Congress trying to Remove CJI Deepak Mishra by impeachmefurt
0 ,While Congress will claim it to "RSS kee Saajish"??
0 ,Former Solicitor General Florin Hilbay Powers of Judiciary, Congress effectively diminished | U
0 , resign. Help Congress get the docion:
1 ,I believe the win in Karnataka will bring a positive change in India within the near future. Wishing
1 ,Hope Pappu pager don't run away abroad for holidays vacation after /5/18 ?
1 ,Outright win for BJP, Congress may shrink to seats, predicts Times Now Chanakya exit ing.
0 ,. BJP is winning majority comfortably on its own.
0 , Take notice if most of Congress isnt spewing hat
0 , Feinstein used a George Soros-funded ProPublica published piece? What the hell is she doing in Congress?
0 , Concerned even then nothing will happen to him They (as in Congress) are all in with him getting rich eve
0 ,targets Chidambaram over 'undeclared' assets; Congress hits back
0 ,New post (Facebook boss 'open' to testifying before Congress) has been published on GLOBAL NEWS -
0 , Karnataka exit polls 'Congress will exit from Karnataka', says BS Yeddyurappa U
0 ,Its clear from Karnataka elections that Muslims and Xtians are very aggressively supporting Cong party. Its noer .
0 ,Its true if BJP in power Cong (Mani) will conspire with Pakistan against India, even after pak
0 , u ppl have any shame? CONgress leaders was busy labelling /11 was RSS ki sazish &amp; now some moron come out and givinress
0 , Report to Congress on Artificial Intelligence and National Security -
0 , When It Comes To Colorados Marijuana Industry, Congress View Is Clouded By Myy ha
0 , Get your very own limited edition Science Mayday poster by comic artist &amp; help send me to Congress! Navy
0 , BJP candidate Narayanaswamy and Congress candidate Byrathi Suresh spotted near Lottegollahal
1 , ISI Pakistan r relatives of CONgress SP RJD CPIM Party they t roaming free did many crimes blasts and al
0 , Like post emergency, opposition has to unite. Congress shld know this better. History holds many lescont
0 , Modi does not listen to them, and they are now eecting Rahul ...
0 ,as we all know Rahul is only Ho
0 ,Rahul Gandhi is praying for rain on th May..so that result will b decided on Duckworth Lewis methy ha
0 , is a mother, wife, businesswoman and accomplished activist for social justice running for Congress in
1 ,ISI Pakistan r relatives of CONgress SP RJD CPIM Party they t roaming free did many crimes blas
1 , Congress did nothing in years.ongr
1 ,I hope RahulGandhi is smart enough and he will not allow th $NUMBER$d
0 , Ambanis defense co, Reliance Naval (previously known as Pipav) borrows crores from banks, defaults and is to be taCong
0 ,What about modi his in power why his not arresting him??!!..congress ki dushmani me tum andhy hogy ho deshhit bhul gye ho
0 ,The Opposition Congress, demanded that Amit Shah should either "give Goa its chief minister" or "take back this und
1 , (1) Ajmal Kasab was caught by Shaeed Constable Tukaram and not by Congress party Tehseen. That he was ca
0 ,Congress never signed it eitheent!
0 , Let that sink in An adult film star and her attorney are holding the President more accountable than the Congrtill
1 ,"Congress ko vote doge, to Rah
1 ,My Heart Says Cong and Mind says BJP for Karnataka ! Most of the time my heart has won the predictions ...lets see tomorrow
0 ,very true sir first I think Mr. Tharoor think about Congress regime after that u will never speak such think about BJP.
0 ,There is high chance of axis poll getting wrong in Karnataka..in Hyderabad Karnataka they give congress BJP
0 , No place for dalits and backwards in 'heart' of Congress PM Modi - Times of INavy
0 ,Khilafat set the precedent for the mulisms appeasement politics, which till date Congress and the le
1 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with arump
0 ,may be its u and congress who are funding naxals and terror in kashmir and other parts of Iy ha
1 ,Outright win for BJP, Congress may shrink to seats, predicts Times Now Chanakya exit poll C
0 ,CONG will try to discredit but will never take back their comments on Hindu terror even if th C
0 , But Congress leaders viewed it as saffron terror &amp; released a book also
0 , Its clear from Karnataka elections that Muslims and Xtians are very aggressively supporting Cong party. Its now upto Hindus
0 , BCCI recommends Sir RAHUL DRAVID for Dronacharya Award!
0 , Former Solicitor General Florin Hilbay Powers of Judiciary, Congress effectively diminished |
0 ,Others can't even make mistakes but Pappu n PIDIs can ridicule and embarrass India &amp; Indians at all d
0 , It's congress double standard .
0 ,Now a days congress is fighting election on two front.
0 ,This applies to Punjab also as they are too reliant on "KAMAL LAJWAB RAHUL" and Gayle????
0 , Congrats to Punjabis,media &amp; intelligentsia for thwarting the Congress conspiracy to eliminate Sikh history by deletin
1 , Send this clown back to the circus. He has no real business to do in Congr cri
0 , For , we joined + orgs in calling on Congress to by passing HR / S . Maternal mortality
0 ,these main stream journalist like barka,rajdeep,sagarika and sekhar will make bjp su via
0 , Cong, BJP or hung in Karnataka is still debated. But all polls were unanimous on this
1 ,Still people think that Congress is just a innocent, Gaandhivadi party.
1 ,Karnataka Polling percentage is $NUMBER$% shows how desperately people want to change their currupt governm
0 ,They r anti-Hindu..Congress always suppprts the musly ha
0 , The Congress Government in Karnataka has completely ignored the states agriculture sector. They have been insensitive to
1 ,I don't know what have to say bcoz voter turnout to the tune of percent and even higher vCong
0 , speculations holds no water and this can be seen as another gimmick by BJP to influence Rajasthan and MP voters well I think
1 , , so this joker wants to say that Ajmal was caught by Sonia and rahul. Wow. Chatukarita at its by ha
0 ,I hate for bjp .....I am full saport for congress .... proud of congress.....apki bj
0 , On $NUMBER$th March in Moscow will be held Congress BLOCKCHAINRF-2018, in which co-founders of the
1 , We need your help to flip Congress Blue. In , women, people of color, &amp; first time candidates are stepping up tongre
0 , Katie Hill Knows How to Balance a $40 Million Budget and Inspire the Masses. What's Next? Congress.
1 , (2) Books were published and promoted by Congress Leader Digvijay Singh. /11 RSS ki Saazish [https://t
0 , Modi Ji now there's litmus test for you. Please ensure that Pak is declared terrorist state by entire international community&amp. M
0 , Yes we saw MMS,Sonia Gandhi &amp; Rahul Gandhi running after Kasab &amp; catching him alive. was on
0 , How many are out on bail and still behave as if they own this country? And as for Pappu knowing India or being Indiaot c
0 , Because of the Leadership of Congress Ajmal Kasab came in to iny ha
0 ,Moses Rajan - CEO of SSOT Health Foundation " Join me World Health Care Congress , April th law
0 ,This is Cong partys Nawaz Sharif moment BJP
0 ,Well said. You are surrounded by completely corrupt Congress, who always see greatness in you as t
0 ,Joining the rally to support Congress,(INC)....
0 ,By the way "hands" belong to the congre by
0 ,Rahul fobia ? Is it really exist ? Don't u know the freedom of eression or its onlyy ha
0 , The attack itself was because of and later Pak was let off purposely by cooking up Hindu
1 , New bipartisan bill introduced in US Congress (Secure Data Act) would make it illegal for govt to demand creation of ba
0 ,talent and quality is laughable when you talk about congress and the peopl
0 ,another prof of mine invited me to dinner bc hes gonna be paid for research at the Library of Congress (AGAIN) and i will be in the area
0 ,Rahul Gandhi is praying for rain on th May..so that result will b decided on Duckworth Lewis method..
0 , . I strongly suspect they've kept it from Congress because whatever it is, its going to reflect very poorly on former O
1 , Send this clown back to the circus. He has no real business to do in Congress.
1 , Bookies eect the BJP to win $NUMBER$ seats in the while the Congress may get $NUMBER$ seats. In market parlance
0 ,All congress persons are roaming free,abusing and accusing anybody and everybody! When
1 , Calling Sonia by her real name is abuse Rahul Gands, o
0 , Folks need to understand, those currently in Congress are NOT going change the direction we're heading in. Except for a
0 , Because of Congress leadership /11 happened and people died and police officers martyred, still m
0 ,Why not? Is congress worried that they might lose their jobs to higher skilled people?
0 , Now, in the light of the confession by Sharif, RSS &amp; India not only deserves an apology from congress leaders with till
0 ,Rahul fobia ? Is it really exist ? Don't u know the freedom of eression or its onlytape
1 ,Actually cong needs to elain why
1 , Send in about US Marshalls to pick up Rosenstein. Take him out in shackles and charge him with contemt of congress. Releas
1 ,One channel aired its two exit polls for , one showing BJP ahead and the other Congress.
0 ,LEGAL &amp; HUMAN RIGHTS DEPARTMENT ( HIMACHAL PRADESH CONGRESS COMMITTEE )
1 , A Rigged System - They dont want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacty ha
0 , Bhandara-Gondia bypolls MP Nana Patole abused Modi &amp; left BJP. Pappu inducted him in Con-party. Now Patole is denied Concult
0 ,In fact , Rahul deserves such praise as he is cool &amp; calm man. He has all t $NUMBER$
0 , And poor has no clue who is catapulting him into the rarified category of Congress geniusesck
0 ,Rahul Gandhi praying for rain in Karnataka .... so that results will be decid d
0 , . understands the grave importance of the midterms and the weighty burden ahead, as the th Congress must buttr
0 ,As always actually you just want to support a neoliberal party like congress. You are the biggey ha
1 , The Congress ecosystem tried to malign the great artwork of Karan Acharya from Mangaluru whose Hanuman portrait has captur
0 , Its clear from Karnataka elections that Muslims and Xtians are very aggressively supporting Cong party. Its now upto Hip. M
0 ,All these boot lickers are invariably from Congrerump
0 ,Rahul Gandhis classy taunt on Modi. Sidesplitting really!!
0 ,Video Of BJP-Congress Workers Attacks Each Other Near Poll Booth In Gadag Has Emerged
0 , Because of the leadership of Congress Ajmal Kasaab happened... understand this Mr. Intelligent...!
0 , Rahul - I am proud of you. This is the treatment Indian nationals desey hi
0 , Until December of the US Library of Congress was archiving every single public tweet on Twitter.
0 ,Also, when they said they would meet w/ congress members in closed door meetings to dision:
0 , In fact , Rahul deserves such praise as he is cool &amp; calm man. He has all the qu
1 , Indian Youth Congress reached new heights during Bai tenure as the national PresidenCong
1 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with an eesnt
0 ,Indian Salon &amp; Wellness Congress will focus on bringing together leaders &amp; visionaries to positively impact &amp;
0 ,As always actually you just want to support a neoliberal party like congress. You are the biggest b
1 , And also happened due to Cong agree?
1 , I appeal to all office bearers &amp; workers of the Congress party in Karnataka to provide all possible assistance to thosax s
1 ,I AM SORRY TO SAY! govt become a big tension for Indian now. We voted for good &amp; cleanup the congper)
1 , A Rigged System - They dont want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redactax s
1 ,Is Congress government has given directio
1 ,If Congress want dalit CM ,why are Shiddharamaya not continue as CM , becoz Shiddharamaya also one reser
0 ,Yes sure will inquire for fact.. but ke Chacha ka Gafla to puraCong
1 ,Hardly any indication of this type visible on ground, people are generally pro Congress and
0 , Hi, just a friendly reminder to the president...you can't fire nor force congress to do anything and too many thrNavy
0 , Nothing more rubbish than that...Congress very well know how to take credit from armed forces, publ law
1 ,On the other hand, *central* and *state* intelligence reports apparently put Congress $NUMBER$ seats ahead of BJP. Bo
0 , And it's the same people, politically attached to Congress, running this "Save Kashi" campaign ie using religious senttill
0 ,But didnt the same cabal claim that Rahul has arrived &amp; how after Bihar Polls???
0 ,Segular foolish Hindus never learnt from history nor will learn until their downfall, busy fighting each
0 , Chidambaram is not guilty Rahul Gandhi.
0 , "Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi should initiate an investigation against Mr. P Chidambram by ordering CBI" ~ Defence Mtill
0 ,In May Congress authorizes to be presented to widow of baseball
0 , Ever wonder why "We Don't Say His Name" gushed praises for Huma...While smearing those in Congresst of
0 , And it's the same people, politically attached to Congress, running this "Save Kashi" campaign ie using religious sentimen
0 , You misspelled as Country, or did this really say 'country not safe in BJP'
0 , This is absurd...Do you think if these kind of comments were made for Rahul they wud've just warned?? He's been spewing ven
1 ,So it's not the crude oil which determines the fuel prices in India, it's the BJP government who hikes it. If they
0 , How many of us remember the omerta observed against Congress top leaders when Vajpayee Congress was in the control of Cong
0 , We need to stand with the artists who helped create some of our most iconic music. Tell Congress you httpsax s
0 , Nifty crossing N Rahul Gandhi becoming PM
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think o Pre
0 ,say yes to freedom join congress and raise you voice against useless sleeping society
1 , Just because of Congress?? Very good joke for the century..... terrorists of Pakistan will enjoy in Iy ha
1 , So it's not the crude oil which determines the fuel prices in India, it's the BJP government who hikes it. If they can py ha
0 ,We have massive class apart comparison between BJP and CONGRESS BJP style of start up is Pakoda S u
0 ,Suddenly Rahul brigade of Spandana etc has fallen silent. ax s
0 ,India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor via
0 , Just see how openly hates hindus
1 ,One more reason to never vote for congress a
0 , Happy Mothers Day! Join us in honoring immigrant mothers. Sign the petition asking Congress to do right by immigrant mnt D
0 , No place for dalits and backwards in 'heart' of Congress PM ModiER$D
0 , EC rubbishes Congress' allegation of EVM registering only BJP Vres.
0 , Since independence Congress making the goof of Indian by playing caste &amp; religion game. Young voters know the truth.
0 , Highest voter turnout in Mysore region where we are predicting a major shift from JDS to Cong.. Mumbai Karnataka, BJP
0 , Signatures needed Tell Congress to stop the giveaway to &amp; in the . Don't roll back pesticide regulat
0 , We know for  candidates like in Congress willing to
0 ,Siddaramaiah says this will be his last election, OK if Congress picks Dalit CM via
1 , Congress chair asks delegates to give a round of applause for being a critical friend to t
1 , Somewhere lost in history we became the servants of Congress, not the opposite as should be. Its long past time that We the
0 ,Here, Ill sum Paula up Congress didnt include my husbands group in the caregiver progr
0 ,Well, that is just one list I want to see...I want to see who had to pay all the hush money in congress an
1 , In the rush to attack Modi's very real factual errors, let us not absolve the Congress' equally real faults. It is a fac
0 , APC LG Congress Kwara Produces Party Officials As Party Hails Peaceful Conducts
1 ,Get used to it...Senator Gillibrand hasnt passed one bill in years in Congress.
0 ,The latest The FREEDOM CONGRESS Daily! Thanks to
1 ,As a mother &amp; grandmother, I am surprised you don't fight for them in congress. Instead of fightin
0 , Marta Rivera de la Cruz, currently a member of the Spanish Congress of Deputies from the Ciudadanos party, in
0 , Cowardly Representatives that are leaving congress
0 ,But Nin didnt have a Congress almost as corrupt.
1 , Cal Thomas Congress should clarify the Logan Act. If people like Kerry and Kennedy can get away with their actions, is the
0 ,Very interesting article in Bloomberg, Record number of women are running for Congress . % jump from .
1 ,So, this one says the regional and national media should have influenced the voter by showing Congress wave, on the
0 ,Congress should not go home because they have not confirmed everyone of your appointments
0 ,Nin didnt have a Congress stuffed with co-conspirato
0 , Thank God for the few folks in Congress who give a sh*t, a
0 ,So sorry - Tucked up in my bed getting energy for an exciting day at Congress tomorow . I need to build more stamina !
0 , President Rahul Gandhi slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi over allegations that candidate B
0 ,CONGRESS NEVER voted on this EO,it NEVER had the suppirt ti even bring it to
0 ,Change in leadership imperative; Congress needs to be heard in TN Khushbu
0 , When will Congress pass a law that forbids them from accepting cash to promote their agenda?
0 ,When will congress pass a law th
0 , President congratulates former governor of Ekiti State and Minister of Mines and Solid Minerals, , for winni
0 ,You gotta know how to move in a room filled with Gangsters and a room filled with Congress men.
0 , ) Another interesting nugget Ryan Zinke was a member of the Congressional Turkish Caucus https:/
1 , Congress President meets with people and party workers at AICC HQ in New Delhi.
0 , , ChangeTheRef's New Initiative Is Taking Social Posts &amp; Turning Them Into Powerful Letters to Congress!
0 ,Hundreds of women running for Congress in the midterm elections. But theyre facing crowded primaries and tough rac
1 , Had a great time at Welsh night at RCN Congress. Cabinet Secretary for Health has had lots of opportunities to speak with
1 , The Congress and Congress culture bring with it these evils. It is important to keep Karnataka away from Congress. https:
0 , Watch out National Harbor! APA staffers are heading your way for the Annual Congress. Retweet if well see you there!
0 , Elect David Hildebrand for Congress!
1 , We need more women in Congress. Men are just not cutting it.
1 , Spent the day at the Polish Bitcoin Congress. People here were so welcoming and I had a great time!
1 , And yet, the Congress is completely and totally complicit with what ever spews cuz, why, I decly
1 , Horrible years gone..., still suffering from Opposition Syndrome Koi toh batao inhe, Rahul Gandhi Indian N
0 ,Rahul Gandhi Jokes Very Good for Refreshing to Relieve Stress MUST WATCH
0 ,Is anybody really surprises that that a Cold War spy isn't giving straight answers to Congress?
0 ,ZUCKERBERG im afraid i dont follow congressman
0 ,CONGRESS you are aware that george jetson now works at The Office
0 ,Vote Dylan Ratigan for Congress District NY21
1 ,Im with you all in this administration and the controlling party in Congress. Tgey are all tone def,
0 ,So many "NUTJOBS" in Congress!!!!!!!!!!!!
0 ,We need more moms in Congress.
0 ,Tell Congress Family Farms, not Corporate Megafarms. Fix the Farm Bill!
0 ,How is asking Congress to work stupid?
0 , Although I would have liked a more fiscally responsible budget to pass Congress at least our military is finally funde
0 , Honorable Members of Congress and Senators
0 ,Why is Sessions/Rosenstein Holding up/taking forever, if any, turn over docs B invest/reviewed by Congress? Obstruction
0 ,If he is not a representative for his constituents, than he should not be in Congress. Who is he representing then?
0 ,They need to do it before the end of the year (assuming control of congress changing)
0 ,Like Blue Apron, but for members of congress
0 ,US Congress was by-passed on it as well. Made it easy to stop.
0 , Interested in becoming a rep for the RCN. Why not come and say hello at the RCN Representatives stand at RCN Congress
0 , Congress develops cold feet as one exit poll after another predicts hung assembly
0 ,Tell Congress Family Farms, not Corporate Megafarms. Fix the !
1 , Aregbesola refused to conduct ward Congress in osun state for fair of what might be the out come.
0 ,And yet PC has so many assets worldwide. Kya baat hai Cong leaders have magic wands U
0 ,Congress Sharif moment? BJP on cases against P Chidambarams family
0 ,I wonder if Mueller can start indicting and arresting congress members soon? They will no lo
0 ,Why is Sessions/Rosenstein Holding up/taking forever, if any, turn over docs B invest/reviewed by Congress? Obstruction! Why?
0 , Pappu went to the shopkeeper,
1 ,The different this time is that the majority in Congres
0 , UPDATE , running for Congress in , has committed to listen to constituents regularly if elected in N
0 , Stephan Halper? Report Secret Source Who Aided Mueller Probe Is Deemed Off Limits To Congress v
0 ,Director is an honoured recipient of the US Congress
0 ,stop getting distracted. It was and even Congress was This is is not a
0 ,I strongly disagree. He has already lied to Congress and has no qualms about l $NUMBER$D
1 ,If this deal was so great why wasnt it approved by Congress?
0 , It's incredible that has more trouble out of OUR own Congress than he does out of brutal foriegn regi
0 ,Rep. on balancing motherhood and Congress |
0 ,... a Godly voice in Congress working for You!
0 ,"Congress' Nawaz Sharif moment" Nirmala Sitharaman on I-T cases against P Chidambaram D
0 , Rahul Gandhi converting Mr. Mr. Ravishankar to Islam by making him recite the names of Allah in order to maintain th
0 ,Funniest of Rahul Gandhi latest via
0 ,Proposals for sponsored and special sessions for the th International Congress on Medieval Studies must be made b
0 , *We the People* are not children &amp; its offensive how Congress treats us as if we have no voice In our country. Were you ask
0 , A Mothers Day Map from the Civil War | Worlds Revealed Geography &amp; Maps at The Library Of Congress -
1 , For years Congress and other professional politicians have been fooling *We the People*. Its time we wake up and understand
0 , Rep. on balancing motherhood and Congress |
0 ,Got all us gems on North Congress!
0 ,So, a job guarantee will pass in the current Congress? Learn to count.
1 ,. Congress should find a real policy solution instead of pushing for more govt control with the CRA $NUMBER$
1 ,Because women on average don't work as long as men Congress passed the
0 ,Shes a disgrace to our Congress
1 , Library of Congress data for baby books is one of my favorite things
0 , "Congress' Nawaz Sharif moment" Nirmala Sitharaman on I-T cases against P Chidambaram
0 ,NDTC has prepared a set of women for PA election to fight for Congress. They r all hastily trained what to say to u
0 , With the right leadership, we can bring sanity to Congress. Paid family leave, responsible gun reform, &amp; policies focused on
1 , NSA warrantless bulk collection triples years after Congress passes law to limit it. Funny thing is people think Congress ac
0 , Appalling silence of Congress on our border crisis
0 ,Generally it takes /3 of Congress to enter into a binding agreement. Did something change Im unaware of?
0 , Yesterday, I joined members of the All Progressive Congress (APC) at Kumo, Akko Local Government Area, Gombe State to p
0 ,Congress Re-establish the climate change education on EPA website - Sign the Petition! d via
1 , RCN Scotland congress reception good food, good company time to meet new and well known faces d
0 ,Replacement of majorities in Congress.
0 , He would if he lost the support of congress.
0 ,Funny how congress goes crazy over Putin when Putin is a piker compared to Xi , Xi is u
0 , Hey this is not a drill the FCC just announced that ends on June unless we get Congress to stop i
0 ,is one of the most competent and insightful Congress men since Andrew J. May
1 ,CNN nor Congress want to talk about the DOD not be able to account for $21 TRILLION since . How co
1 , In an almost unanimous vote, a resolution was passed today at Congress for to demand that the UK Government takes credi
1 ,Then there must be something he doesnt want looked at. It Congresses Job to oversee no matter which pa
1 ,Dwarf wey dem wan beat up for Congress want bring percent. Mumu
0 , It's important to note how remarkable it is that a R cong decided it was necessary to constrain the Pres in this way h
0 ,"Build the Wall, Congress stop making excuses"!
0 ,Oh these were not bombs but Aloos kept by Mumtaz for Rahul Gandhi!! Yes to convert into gold in his AlliSona Machin
0 , Anyone else see the irony of Sen , a member of Congress who set the standard for CIA interrogation, gr
0 , One of the biggest problems we have in DC is Congress not following the laws they pass. Deciding whic
1 , Get used to it...Senator Gillibrand hasnt passed one bill in years in Congress.
0 , "You're not hearing about it on all day long because the members of Congress covered it up...Imran Awan is the Pakistani my
0 , United we STAND against the CORRUPTION we face in DC! We the People can show Congress we mean business!
0 ,Why don't you rip into all the members of Congress who thought it was OK at the time? Rules are rules.
0 , After two decades in Congress, Paul Ryan insists Ive supported term limits since the day I got here
1 ,Congress workers are the new RSS?
1 , Congress has abused our Constitution so much that the Land of the Free is now on the ENDANGERED List! It's time for Pat
1 ,Congress has the Constitutional RIGHT Subpoena Mueller look in2 what he has/what/why he is doing, find out if legal/ethical
0 ,Wot British , ressaldar after being kidnapped in a nataloin park DR Cong, say they are 'very grateful' U
0 , Out in print copy today, too! Congress should take tax collectors out of the business of regulating political activity, w
0 , ZUCKERBERG im afraid i dont follow congressman
0 ,CONGRESS you are aware that george jetson now works at The Office accordi
0 ,Any other Congress of the past would have acted LONG ago.
0 , "Congress to Vote on Restoring Net Neutrality"
1 ,Congress will vote next week on restoring net neutrality.
0 ,Not sure what your reference is to. I referred to the current Congress. A job guarantee
0 ,Disgusting and the vile libs in Congress bitch about water boarding !!!! Kamala Harris a
0 ,It never was approved by Congress those who handed over billion dollars should be in jail
1 ,Congress has Constitutional RIGHT Subpoena Mueller; look in2 what he has/what/why, find out if legal/ethical.Ex:his Q's
0 , MARK YOUR CALENDARS FOR NOV. MID TERM ELECTIONS....WE THE PEOPLE HAVE TO GET OUT AND VOTE FOR A CONGRESS THAT WILL SUPPOR
0 ,The May deadline is Paul Ryans deadline so that this congress can vote on it --- Cad and Mexico said there is no deadline
0 ,Very little would be dangerous about the congress performing their oversight function unless you have bee
0 , Delta APC Ward Congress How Kutugi, Mahmud Allegedly Cart Away Result Sheets
0 , (8) When an Attorney General can bury a blatant case of voter intimidation with the complicity of a cabal controlling Congr
0 , Congress should take tax collectors out of the business of regulating political activity, writes Bradley A. Smith https://t
0 , Congress has read the writing on the wall. They know their reign of corruption and oppression is ending in Karnataka. That is
0 ,lied to Congress on international television yet
0 ,Im really curious how much US money the congress is going to vote to give North Korea before Kim double crosses them
1 , Congress Party should be ashamed of themselves! Everything about their party is fake- their tears for the poor, their claims
0 , Quite a little history there. Very telling. The th, th and th Amendments were proposed by Congre
0 ,Thats why is pissed at Congress. Has the majority, but dealing with RINOS
1 , Throughout Congress is running a competition for delegates to win a weekend away in Belfast. Tweet
0 ,Congress has Constitutional RIGHT Subpoena Mueller; lk in2 what he has/what/why, find out if legal/ethical. Ex:look at Q's!
0 , Dear Rahul Gandhi, stop day dreaming, this massive support and enthusiasm for BJP reflects the mood of Karnataka and the enti
0 , The last day of The Polish Bitcoin Congress has started! Feel free C
0 , If we get rid of our nuclear weapons will Congress assist the United States?
1 ,sir r u also waiting for today match Gayle and rahul vs kholi and Ab de..... last time all played for
1 , I do not hesitate one second to state clearly &amp; unmistakably I belong to the All Progressive Congress which fights again
0 , Massive gatherings at PM Shri 's rallies have singular message that Congress govt. is on its way out in Karnata
0 , The 'Hidden' Pentagon Budget Deal &amp; the Traitors in Congress
0 , Boy, are there gonna be some interesting investigations if the Dems take back both houses of Congress this November...
0 , I hope contempt of Congress charges are brought up this week. All of this needs to end already. Been a year and a half of
0 ,when youre driving downtown and see a dinicola for congress sign
0 ,. is right. Our Congress is failing us - including VAs - do yo
0 ,Congress Again Fails To Discover Collusion To Subvert The Election
0 , And, Adopt Candidates From Other States! Blue Just Has To Outnumber Red In Congress!
1 ,Utah needs to network BIG TIME and keep that swamp RAT OUT of Congress. U
1 ,Congress needs to do its job, or we will vote them ALL out! New blood needed, let's get rid of ALL incumbents!
1 , Today between :30AM-12:30PM Congress will vote to overturn the FCC ruling to END . If you care about FREE
0 , Great to catch up with the UK CNOs at RCN Congress. U
1 , Honestly, BJP hasnt given me enough reason to vote for them in .
1 ,But Congress has given more than enough reason to vote
0 ,/2 they even aware of these events if they're only watching MSM? But MSM, congress, big shots know, just d
0 , We must STOP HIM &amp;HIS REPUBG CONGRESS /ADMINISTRATION FROM ALLOWING THIS BY VOTING BLUE IN NOVEMBER
0 ,Can we do the removing or must we wait for the complicit Congress to act?
0 ,CHIP rescissions have been abused by Congress as one of the most common budget gimmicks to pay for unrelated spendi
0 ,lied to Congress on internationa
0 ,How long you been in Congress?
0 , Just because someone is black does not mean they are for the black, poor or homeless. Maxine Waters is in congress to fil
0 ,Exactly right. Congress was warned about it, multiple times, (Treas. Sec
0 ,'Why I chose to run' Congressional challengers use bill backed by drug companies against ...:
0 ,Excited to have Amy Kaim presenting her research on ADHD and antipsychotic medication at the Congress t
0 ,youve been in Congress for how long? Name one thing youve ever done that was actually goo
0 , Congress dont ever get the job done, why should they have a vacation?
0 , WHY DO WE ALLOW THIS? WEMUST GET SUPER MAJORITIES IN CONGRESS TO STOP THIS! VOTE OUT DEMS, RINOs AND MODERATES AND REPLACE
0 ,Mmmmmmmm the meal of kings Rahul
0 ,Sunanda was.murdered in whose regime BJP or Cong ???
0 , Harley Rouda for Congress - via
0 ,. Congress should use Rules for Government and Regulation of land and naval forces to have Marin
0 , Rahul Gandhi is praying for rain on th May..so that result will b decided on Duckworth Lewis method..
0 ,maybe u need to testify before Congress
0 ,. Bangalore ruined by BBMP of congress + jd(s) which they r ruling agai
1 ,Water conservation campaign With ball and bat, Cong hits out at govt for ignoring Chandola lake
0 , When Paul Ryan quits Congress but Planned Parenthood is still going years strong:
0 ,This is why congress has become so corrupt.
0 , FIFA Congress on World Cup, Club World Cup what's at stake? ():
0 ,I agree. However, we really need term limits for Congress &amp; this would solve many problems.
0 ,All these RTs and Congress is still gonna fuck up D
0 ,Tell Congress Support the WATER Act.
1 ,Sign this to tell Congress Stop taking the NRAs money via
0 ,Tell Congress Stop taking the NRAs money via
0 ,Rahul Gandhi offers a clear-eyed perspective.
0 ,If congress isn't going to work for us and instead work for anyone with the most money, what fucking use are they?
1 , So Kanna LakshmiNarayana who won terms in Congress and just joined BJP this term after being defeated, is now its state
0 ,Congress? Im no credible I understand, but Im not a monster.
0 , This week in Congress Major vets legislation on the move
0 , We need more people of color and women in Congress. This men are disgraceful.
1 , Slowly people are eed to communist/congress ideology and he told me there is a change in the outlook of people and Hindus
0 , Also it is because of Congress leadership Ajmal Kasab and his gang came to India and killed our people. , claim cr
0 ,He knows very well Congress won't win....So Rahul Gandhi is responsible!
0 , Why aren't all bump stocks banned by Congress? Wake up or go find another job.
0 ,Oyo APC sweeps LG, congress elections as Ajimobi cautions againstanarchy d9
0 , General People 's Congress. His fans who support the aggression on Yemen are betraying Yemen
0 ,Michelle Mortensen for congress
0 ,there's a reason why Congress doesn't in act treaties into law because if they go into law when the us break
1 , Arguments calling for an Article V Convention of States boil down to "Congress can't/won't get things done anymore bc there's
1 ,We don't want Pappu Raja "Raul Vinchi" as our PM
0 ,Reminds me of our current Congress, gnarly and dont carrot at all.
0 , Sir, What about Congress who tried hard to coined Mumbai terror attack as Hindu Terrorism?
0 ,Be it BJP or Congress, when it comes to J&amp;K and Nagaland, a political problem canno $NUMBER$
0 , Thats a privilege granted by Congress which gives them the right to TAX ALL the income of such people.
1 , Here is the good news from JD(S) No support for Bjp. Since the BJP won't be getting majorityin the Karnataka State e
0 ,We need a congress, that will be willing to work together, and work with the current White House. We don't need pol
0 ,sir m also congress supporter.. pr overconfident nahi hona chahiye
1 , years in Congress and has made a fortune off of tax payer money, has abandoned her constituents and assumed a priva
0 ,Congress has come to such a state that voting for them is no less than treason towards India. Can't un
0 ,She is the stupides person in Congress
1 ,Thanks for the support Rusty! Those who want to help send a real gun violence prevention champion to Congress to st
0 , YES ON RESCISSION! Congress can claw back spending with a simple majority and last week the White House sent such a $15 bi
1 , False BJP will attack the government
0 ,India Progress Only With Congress
1 , So, what did the Congress achieve by trying to impeach Chief Justice Dipak Misra? | https://
0 , Heres Pinocchio on steroids, if his mouth is moving he is lying. My popcorn is ready for his hearing with Congress. A
0 , A MUST READ!!! Congress earns $175K &amp; they are hell bent on taking income assistance from struggling folk! And some thought
0 ,Do you know anything about fighter jets. Don't show your ignorance like Congress people. F $NUMBER$
0 , Nation was divided by Nehru &amp; Gandhi on faith basis in and Congress continuously divided through re
0 , Good! At least SOMEBODY in congress is doing SOMETHING to get to the truth and notice how theyre talking to former IC offi
1 , ) "But what has been established over time is that we have a responsibility to work with the Congress. But their duty
1 , El Guapo I think Maxine has completely lost it. How can someone in Congress be that far out of touch with WE
0 ,Join us in demanding immediate action by Congre
0 ,The great Congress IT cell head Ramya and great FoS champion Prakash Raj skip from casting their votes!
0 ,Why does Congress keep confirming these awful, dangerous appointees when its so obvious who they ar
1 ,Whether BJP, Congress or TC, all to work as commitment to respective party but should not make informal un $NUMBER$
1 ,INC shud change their name to ANC (anti national congress)..
0 ,It's invalid without Congressional approval. "No State shall, without the Consent of Congress... enter in
0 ,Congress party is the soul of india
0 ,Yes...but slowness of Congress is not the issue.
0 ,BJP, Congress spar over Chidambaram's 'undeclared' assets (Roundup) - d
0 ,More like one of Pappus naachwala
0 ,of from , ( of ) speaker at GreenPort Congress i UD
0 ,You are prejudiced. Why do you follow Rahul Gandhi. Stick to praising the man who is a coward and
1 ,If there are "Lying Through Their Teeth" to Congress, do something about it. Make some impeachments.
0 ,Form to cung cap cho cac che cong so day a!!!
1 ,Mom Dr. Joyce is running for some elected official position. If he could clear up your eczema in a day, he can clear up congress.
0 ,What do you do when the man YOU ELECTED to SERVE you in Congress blocks you?
0 , At APA Congress, is giving away a Trip to Anywhere in the World* stop by Global Cash Card booth to
0 ,Rahul Gandhi is the leader India needs, will be next PM Sudheendra Kulkarni
0 ,You make me laugh. Im saying its bullshit for Congress to fake rage and claim a moral high
0 ,submission hereof to the States by the Congress.
0 , In fact BJP &amp; especially Modiji has a Congress &amp; Nehru phobia. % of what Mr Modi talks abou
0 ,I have a very strong feeling that if BJP does not get an absolute majority in Karnataka tomorrow, Congress will go
0 , Excited to announce that I'm joining the Jess Phoenix for Congress (CA-25) campaign as Digital Director!
0 , This cancer must end. Do NOT elect Hamas to Congress in ANY state. Bad enough that we have brother Keith Ellison in the
0 ,Please RT and keep on RT so pressure on our Congress moves them into action.
0 ,anyone ever wonder how Duncan Hunter ever made it to Congress? Hes about as sharp as a bag of hammers.
0 ,The time has come to kick out the casteist communal corrupt parivar of congress from politics U
0 , HATER RUNNING FOR US CONGRESS Holocaust-Denying Neo-Nazi Anti-Semite Patrick Little Running In California - ...
0 , JDS sources in Bangalore claim BJP support to JDS % sure to keep Congress out. Vokkaliga mutts will play key role if JDS
0 , So excited for Eucharistic Congress on June $NUMBER$. I will be exhibiting my game Feastday! The Liturgical Year Board Game
0 ,This is an indication congress is not going to get majority. He is offering which he doesnt have.
0 ,Another massive shock to Congress in Karnataka! India's most trusted election eert says BJP will get $NUMBER$ seat
0 ,Honestly the mrkts does not bother who rules Karnataka. BJP or congress the fiis may be happy if BJP wins. However $NUMBER$
0 , We Veterans From FtMcClellan Need Your Help Getting Congress To Pass Our Much Needed Registry~PLEASE Contact Your Congressman
0 , I will do everything I can to help flip Congress, b/c I believe democracy is on the line.
0 ,Congress is better than BJP...
1 ,Manmohan Singh was a better &amp; incomparable prime minister to Modi ...
0 , Sign up to stay up to date on how you can take action to help Congress seek peace and do justice.
0 ,Mmmmm pablum The life blood of Congress when youre with no teeth, this is breakfast, you always see it drib
0 ,DWIGHT EVANS FOR CONGRESS $NUMBER$
0 ,yall really think the hoes in 'congress' give a shit about you?
0 ,Letter to the Editor Why 'Johnny Doc' is supporting Lazer for Congress $NUMBER$
0 ,My prediction is irrespective of seats they get, Cong claims vi
1 , Name recognition? He had been in Congress for years by then. If he had a name recognition
0 ,And if it loses, moral victory is any way Rahul's
1 , Congress party's president who is also out on bail on a financial matter, he should certainly comment and tell people of I
1 ,G.A.Jeff Session u.rosentein,mueller,was not eleced by the PEOPLE,Congress was so if they want to see documents the
0 ,Full page ad by Congress also . Not convinced nonnthw logic
0 ,Because he has a set, unlike our Congress.
0 ,Anybody can become PM but not PAPPU. You are in bjp better join congress
1 ,Remove from congress. Not thinking properly has Alzheimer's.
0 , Hey just like bihar looks like computer template coding marking the congress &amp; bjp got interchanged again
0 , Like in case, Congress was helping advance agenda in two ways. Target Indian patriots and Indian nuclear progra
0 , Most of congress is anti-semitic. Including schumer. $NUMBER$
1 ,These idiots in Congress are trying to deny a woman of years service to this government CIA Head! This would b $NUMBER$
1 ,Congress needs to put heat on you airlines... partial to full refunds to delays and malfunctions! Keep my receipt!
1 ,I hope your reference to dilliwallas does include Mr Rahul Gandhi as well?
0 ,Every damn kind of wrong, this action is. Congress, for God's sakes, step in and get this bastard under control. Yo
1 ,He is basically saying Cong will win which is diametrically opposite to what he has been feeding his followers...
1 , A Congressman hadn't visited his local national park in more than years. Here's what happened when he went back.
1 ,Fix the VA system or dont, allow us vets the same healthcare as the senators and congress. They do nothin
0 ,ROFL... Didn't knew Congress is in Power currently. C82U
0 ,Until Congress looses its control....nothing
0 , Where is Congress??? A lot of my patriot friends have been suspended. And well known right w
0 , Ever wonder why "We Don't Say His Name" gushed praises for Huma...While smearing those in Congress tha
0 ,After Nawaz Sharif's confession Congress and its leaders owe an apology to RSS and the nation for floating their fa $NUMBER$
0 , To all the devoted moms, grandmoms and mother-figures everywhere, from Lisa Ring for Congress. This is w
0 ,Congress regulates Women Birth Control
0 ,Yes. Also Congress looks more and more like ISIS proxy out to destroy India.
1 , Pappu and party are now targeting MP after Karnataka. Wake up now pls else Khangress can get a good marg
1 ,A shame that for thirty years congress still hasnt the backbone to fix our laws and secure our borde
0 , Marta Rivera de la Cruz, currently a member of the Spanish Congress of Deputies from the Ciudadanos party, in a
0 ,If the original congress did not have/need lobbyists then; do we need them day? I say NO;
0 ,ACCCRS YOUTH CONGRESS was the best!
1 ,So, neither party can get anything done even when they control both Houses of Congress. Our Founding Father warned
0 ,Usually the very elderly who still think it's the same congress they voted for and do like t
0 , Is the Congress in power? Who stopped the BJP from investigating?
0 , Is Congress saying praying in a temple is violation of poll code now? Would it have been a poll code breach if he had
0 ,Lobby Congress, they write laws.
0 ,He lied to Congress and should be prosecuted.
1 , Exit poll says, Congress will win
0 ,Letter to BS PM Narendra Modi sees threat in me, says Rahul Gandhi U
0 ,Congress party is the most corrupted &amp; communal political party of the INDIA
0 , Your Congress Agenda Committee were really to have visited every Regional &amp; Country Reception this evening
0 ,Congress can't accept termination of their paramountcy which former rulers of the various princely states accepted more or less gracefully.
0 ,Don't you think the BJP has done to do something illegally rather than CONGRESS.
1 ,Sir, But on ground Congress cam
0 , That's why today every youth of India hates Congress all Congressi leaders whatever have done
0 , Think congress vl fall short of a majority that's y this dalit C.M card has been played to reach out to JDs if it happe
0 ,Voting for Congress. Good luck.
0 ,A Sikh who votes for the BJP is a naive fool or a paid puppet. Congress or BJP makes no difference, both are the sa
0 ,New post SPIE urges Congress, President to avoid fiscal cliff and support science SPIE leaders have joined other
1 , The importance you give to Ram Mandir and Goraksha is proportional to your level of understanding of real Hindu Dharma.
1 , If the Congress does aspire for political success at the center, it needs to have strong regional play
0 ,I have never seen the committed Congress , which was seen in . The way Congres $NUMBER$
1 , Can anyone tell Rahul gandhi's achievements as member of parliament?
0 , The BJP doesn't understand the term 'Hindu.' When BJP uses the term 'Election Hindu' it defines their own perspective of the
0 ,Thanks for following. Good luck on your run for Congress. Do you have a youtube channel?
0 ,New post SPIE volunteers urge Congress to support ert control overhaul and Volunteers sponsored by SPIE v
1 , Rahul should not lose patience. Rahul must continue meeting people across India , listen
1 , I can tell you why BJP Union Ministers are campaigning in Karnataka
1 , Congratulations to Keshav ji. Very sure he will wholly contribute to the fulfilment of the aspirations of our great leader Con
0 , The outcome of Karnataka elections is that the Congress is winning hands down Congress President
0 ,Prediction for tomorrow's election results Congress winning simple majority.
0 , We've developed Karnataka extensively over the past five years, we'll continue along that path of development more aggressive
1 , After the nuclear tests in the country, Congress was the first party to oppose the it, citing
1 ,for these Cong idiots, that time was not in the yrs they ruled India as a monopoly!
0 , LIVE Congress President addresses a gathering in Bengaluru.
0 , Congress President waves to the cheering crowds after offering floral tributes to Kempegowda, the founder of Ben
0 ,It's not bullshit because it isn't the same Congress. Hard to make those simple connections though right?
0 , We at the Miguel Levario for Congress campaign team would like to wish all the mothers and those that fill the role of
1 , Lol on Rahul Gandhi Dual citizenship issue they are sitting almost from years .
0 , LIVE Congress President 's press conference in Bengaluru
0 , Congress President reveals the secret behind Union Ministers campaigning in Karnataka.
0 , Congress President will begin the third day of the th phase of his by seeking blessings of
1 , "My mother is more Indian than many Indian people I see. She has sacrificed &amp; suffered for the country." Watch Congress Presi
1 , Congratulations to our new President ! Im sure youll take Youth Congress to new heights - All the be
0 , Every damn kind of wrong, this action is. Congress, for God's sakes, step in and get this bastard under control. You're not ju
0 , Congress President seeks blessings at the Dodda Ganapathi Temple, Basavanagudi.
0 , This Congress should be ashamed of themselves. We gave them POT
0 , When I am elected to Congress, I will continue to fight for the protection of our environment, our health, and our democr
0 , So india had a terrorist as vice president for years . All thanks to congress
0 , We're excited to endorse for Congress in Georgia's st district! Lisa is committed to protecting food and water
1 ,She is same Manini who wrote congress wave in Gujarat elections...10 years later Bjp still ruling Gujarat and
0 , Congress will Return to Power in Karnataka
0 , Use this guide from to find out if your members of Congress have received NRA support and tell them to
0 ,There is a big competition in Congress for who is second Pappu. Every one wana to be close to the Great Puppu.
0 , LIVE Congress President Rahul Gandhi addresses a gathering in Tiptur.
0 , Congress President met with the Archbishop of Bengaluru Rev. Dr Bernard Moras followed by an interaction with th
0 ,Coz its not happening in congress raj...media n fiberals still cant see beyond dynasty
0 , When I am elected to Congress, I will fight for reforming policies that lead to the incarceration of juveniles for minor
0 , I couldn't agree more, we have an incompetent congress but that's the best argument for no
0 ,CPM and BJP has no connection officially.
0 ,It's poor CPM cadres who are taking support of bjp cadres out of fear of
0 ,Hear our prayer, O Congress A neo-establishmentarianism? by Bill Leonard
1 ,Cong Liang's minute signature quick everyday look proves he understands the needs of the modern day woman. Book a
0 , Congress President interacts with the citizens of Bengaluru at the launch of the Samruddha Bharat Foundation.
0 ,Tewari Jung does that for congress / RG what it is alleging for BJP! / Modi.
0 , Follow &amp; Retweet this Dem running for Congress in GA:
0 , LIVE Congress President Rahul Gandhi addresses a gathering in Pavagada.
1 , Proud to welcome as the new National President of the Indian Youth Congress. We are certain that IYC shall scale n
0 ,I suppose since they are military they can't refuse to march. I can't believe that congre
0 ,Rep Darrell Issa and are "Lying Through Their Teeth" to Congress and Lied to Spy on
0 ,One More Raid! One more Cash Mountain found with DK Shivakumar. Nobody a word about him to karnataka CM or Rahul Ga
1 ,Its time to dump Garbage of including gang of journo basterds. Rahul Sonia are garbage in th
0 ,when ones own wife was not safe, brutally murdered in Cong times in , what crap Cattle Class champagne sipping dolt saying?
1 , . is a badass and when she wins, her life eerience and voice in Congress will be a win for all women. https://t
0 , Allegations of corruption and nepotism in the SK have pushed Congress to postpone the next elections, along with the baranga
0 ,International Convention and Congress Association Paris remains among top global destinations
0 ,It is sad that hw is doing the work Congress and our Press should be doing. is a great man
0 ,TAKE ACTION! Tell Congress to Pass the Local FARMS Act!
0 , I am running for Congress in the th Congressional District to defend the interests of our district, our state, our nation,
0 ,Sir..It is not as simple as elevating RaGa to Congress President...
1 ,Congress authorized this years ago!
0 , AMF Congress affiliations, World calendar and restructuring via
1 ,Sounds so much like the story of Congress today
0 ,The authority to decide to go to war is given to congress for a reason?
0 ,OUSIDER ... working for you! Paid my $3480 "Privilege" aka filing fee ... to run for Congress.
0 ,In this week's CQ on Congress podcast talks with Bryan Riley of the about trade policy and the
0 ,Shahkot bypolls No big rallies, SAD and Congress canvass through nukkad meetings
0 , This woman is incredible. She's exactly who we need in Congress. Stand w/ her against this nonsense. https:
0 ,Here's my plan Lock all the men in Congress in a room. Let Simon and his friends loose on them. Ma
1 , Citizens United is the reason Congress rarely does what we the people want. Companies, industries, organizations, and su
0 ,For too long, RSS - the largest socio-cultural
0 , The RINO Congress disgusts me.
1 , Hahaha. Rahul Gandhi is just an MP &amp; party president which is in opposition. He is not PM or some minister.
1 , in families of incarcerated people go into debt simply to pay for phone calls and visits. Tell Congress End predatory
0 ,Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.
0 ,Why should he slow down? He's working circles around Congress. He's doing what he was elected to do
0 ,"The Congress has reached the level where dump immediately is the quickest decision in cleaning India."
0 , Bottom line If we are to believe that Brennan was briefing congress all summer on a completely separate intel stream that hap
1 , Congress authorized this years ago!
0 ,It was funny to see INDIA TODAY AXIS poll &amp; one Suvarna giving Congress more then seats, Rahul Kan
1 , children traumatized by lockdown drills. They need a Congress not beholden to the NRA that will vote for c
1 ,You clearly have no clue how long a lot of people stay in Congress for. And its still the sa
0 , The Congress started its "Vikas Khojo Yatra" from Dantewada district a day after Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh embarked on a "
0 , Blame &amp; Shame in Healthcare, andCongress
0 ,Clapper Busted Leaking Dossier Details To CNN's Jake Tapper, Lying To Congress About It | Zero Hedge
0 ,Thanks for following me. Good luck on your run for Congress. Do you have a youtube channel? I will
1 , My initial ground reports suggest that Congress is winning a landslide
0 , Why There Is But No ? What's The Deal With Storm Modi Ji?
1 ,Crooks, murderers, the corrupt and other assorted criminals join Congress in the hope that they will escape Thihar
1 , These idiots in Congress are trying to deny a woman of years service to this government CIA Head! This would be the
0 , Everyone's prestige becomes stake in every election, like sometime Modi's Acid Test , some times BJP's acid t
0 ,Mindblowing analysis by a Bangalorean!!! Why should Congress lose the Karnataka elections in ?
1 ,DC land was given to the new Republic by the Jesuits. City built by Freemasons. Congress built to lo
0 ,Hey , who is sponsoring you to run your against Hindus and
0 , This is a Nawaz Sharif moment for Congress party on Chidambaram tax case
0 ,'Congress free India' is ahead.
0 ,Even if triangular mandate comes out,BJP will form Govt.
0 ,Did they wait for the Nuremberg judges to be appointed by Congress?
0 ,Rahul Gandhi To Be The Next PM? Here is what the opposition alliance, the Congress Presiden
1 ,Congress party is supreme court virodhi and during their rule they harassed judiciary..
0 , HAMAS is running for Congress!
0 ,These Congress men or activists may not traceable tomorrow???
0 ,number of AGs held in contempt of Congress, number of ambassadors killed under his Presidency, etc etc.
0 ,No State shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any duty of Tonnage, keep Troops, or Ships of War in
1 , Praying BJP wins the Karnataka polls. Jai Modi
1 ,How can a Party only years old win both Houses of Congress and a Presidential election?
0 ,Cats In Congress - Nobody Got Famous From Writing On The Bathroom Stall
0 , Why do a bunch of ebama officials claim to be working with Congress? YOU HAVE EVERYTHING YOU NEED. REMEMBER THEIR NAMES.
1 ,-Ground Report.Even core supporters of Cong&amp;BJP want coalition with J
0 ,That's Congress, Baby! That's ! How ironic that he's "retiring" so young.
0 ,KL Rahul , Buttler, Samson , Rishab Pant, Dhoni , Ishan Kishan , Karthik
1 , "The Congress party's president who is also out on bail on a financial matter, he should certainly comment and tell peo
0 , -- Rahul, who is himself out on bail should come out and tell us if he is going to investigate this case involving one
1 ,And I want to see you in Congress, standing tall and proud defending our constitu
0 , I am disgusted that there not a concerted effort by Congress to put a stop to this. The is so and the
0 ,We need Brianna in Congress for a single thing about my eerience at because OMG SO MUCH tonight.
1 ,Ap bjp new president kanna Lakshmi Narayana , ex congress minister as well son held for smuggling of liquor in $NUMBER$
0 ,You honestly think Congress gives a shit when they are protecting the BIGGEST (literally an
0 ,And were the country to have voted Sanders in, you can bet that members of congress WOULD HAVE NOT had to give up t
1 ,Congress government me pdma mil jate the Kya itna karane pe?
1 ,In Madhya Pradesh Congress can win if Party keep Digvijay Singh away from the election compain.and als
1 ,"co-opting army into politics"-PM finally implemented OROP. Treating army fairly has never been Congress priority.
0 ,In order to hide the upcoming Karnataka defeat, Congress makes a hilarious claim that PM Modi C
1 ,When did Rajdeep say Cong sweeping city? D
0 ,If Congress gets majority , we need as a CM
1 ,To Congress why are there hungry people in the US - the richest country in the world? If people are hungry, feed t
0 , Plz ask modiji to resign and make Rahul as a PM u
0 ,, remember during Winter Bike Congress in Minneapolis, there was a definition of winter in the program. I
0 ,Not at all ...this congress is not same one....infact now both parties are faces of same coin
1 ,All three states he mentioned are non bjp Govt... why did this Pappu as
0 ,JOSH MAHONY FOR CONGRESS $NUMBER$u
0 ,Dont see it yet? You will. The is going to help change Congress (and h
0 ,Absolute nonsense...!! Wonder if any other congress leader, other than a Gandhi would have made a similar
0 , Theory Ajit Pai is actually Thanos and the last stone is the congress before he dissolves the internet
0 ,Congress is the longest political party in the country. If you are in politics for longer time one is c
0 ,"Congress shall make no law respectin
0 ,Congress disrespects Kumbh Mela ?
1 , Its that time of year again! Join us for the Annual Session of the Great Lakes Leadership &amp; Educational Congress. $30
0 ,Congress is the longest political party in the country. If you are in politics for longer time one is found either
0 ,Amendment - Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religi $NUMBER$
1 ,this just in antonio sabto jr is running for congress.
0 ,Robert Mueller Eed Trying To Steal Congresss Most Dangerous Constit... $NUMBER$
0 , Nope,just keeping the ConG in the debate arena,after all the go-bhakshaks must go!
0 ,Boy, I bet you think the first Congress were a bunch of dicks for appointing a chaplain and
1 ,So Faiz was a great poet so his daughter needs to be honoured too. No wonder this chutiya belongs to the Congress (
1 ,Most think it would be better if you{PM} don't respond to RahulGandhy and let u
1 ,The test today for Modiji &amp; his sarkar is whether he would let Chidambharam &amp; family escape conviction &amp; Jail for s
0 , Better yet, have the IRS audit every member of Congress, their spouses and staff.
0 ,He's thumbing his nose at Congress.
1 , I thank Congress President ji and the social media chairperson ji for believing in my capabilitie
0 ,Must be some nerve this Rahul guy has. Read somewhere that he was working in Enron earlier and now this!
0 ,Really?? Never Knew that.. btw what is this Nepali Congress?
0 , Actually, that would be the old MK-Ultra mind control program. Even though US Congress told the CIA they had to disban
1 ,Yes. We only vote for Congress, the honest party of India. Shameless slaves.
1 ,Whole world know still useless Congi govt couldn't do anything against them when the
0 , Siddaramaiah says this will be his last election, OK if Congress picks Dalit CM
0 , Panaji Police registers FIR against activist Claude Alvares &amp; Rahul Basu for locking Mines department office &amp; interru
0 ,TRUE .. STORY of Khangress PAPPU
0 ,And the do nothing leaders in Congress &amp; RINOS never stand u
0 ,At least it was $NUMBER$ split in Bihar. Others not in this list like NewsNation also put Cong ahead. In Karnata
0 , BJP Will Easily Win Karnataka Elections.
0 ,People of Karanataka would have taken a wise decision to oust corrupt Congress Party which is b
0 ,founding fathers originally wanted Congress to elect the president but opted for the EC a
0 ,Hon'bleSir, You have destroyed our faith&amp;trust that BJP is an honest par
0 ,Any compact has to receive approval from Congress and would be challenge
1 ,While Congress debates whether climate change is real. It is having real and deadly consequences now and its devast
0 , Congress projected Siddaramaiah as their CM face for and Siddaramaiah who looked confident before po
0 ,The economy is good, mostly because a small minority in Congress had thwarted Clinton's kookiest schemes, but now a
1 ,Can people realize that a lot of Vietnamese ppl flinch at "viet cong"? It is a derogatory slur at this point. What $NUMBER$
0 ,Rich lazer who is running for US Congress in PA Bernie Sanders endorsed him that just tells you that d
1 , She's got no confidence in modi and his cronies in govt
0 , India is proving that there's a huge appetite for Rahul Gandhi's honesty, passio
0 , OUSIDER ... working for you! Paid my $3480 "Privilege" aka filing fee ... to run for Congress.
0 ,Man, Ryan has to be the most disingenuous person in Congress, and thats a low bar.
0 , "There's a reason that so many of our congressional representatives are millionaires. It's a way to break down barriers so t
1 ,So what about Pappu?If Karnataka lost too,wl be re-launched as a youth leader for the th time ??
1 ,Thank God for good people in Congress and the House. Keep tweeting Gods word. We need to put God in eve
0 ,APC LG congress Police confirm killing of one person in Gombe
0 ,Hahaha...and you being doctor consider Pappu as leader. Your childre
1 ,Final Karnataka Exit Poll Results Most Surveys Put ahead in a huge house.
0 , Yes it's called insider trading it's allowed for Congress but we go to jail. It needs to be o
0 , My prediction for Karnataka BJP
0 , | Poll of exit polls show BJP leading in Karnataka with seats, Congress , JDS
0 ,India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shas
0 ,They can't. Article I, Section , clause  "No State shall, without the Consent of Cong
0 , Insiders also say Although former PM HD Deve Gowda would prefer a coalition with the Congress, former CM HD Kumaraswamy is l
0 , Mr. Rahul Gandhi, before dreaming of becoming Indias PM, elain your secret British citizenship &amp; Bank account in the name o
0 ,That should scare the crap out of Congress
0 , Would you apply same to pappu !
0 ,So that wud be Congress winning
0 ,Sign the petition Tell Congress to Fire . Sign here:
0 ,There are still people voting congress with closed eyes making them win as high as seats!!! This is really concerning !!
0 ,THIS MUST STOP NOW! CONGRESS--SEEK an IMMEDIATE SUPREME COURT
0 , Insiders say going on current trends the Congress will fall short of a majority, the JDS will come into play and the
0 ,from congress is winning to deve gowda!
0 , Empty roads in Rahul Gandhis roadshow in Chickpet while huge crowds throng Shri Amit Shahs roadshow in Kuligan, Tumkur. Th
0 , Why is are Cogress ethics Commitee, not investigating Maine Watters Outragous actions on Congress floor. Anyone who counte
0 , PM Modi 'influencing' voters with Nepal visit Congress - Times of India
0 , the chances are high that there people in congress who know about the corruption and have chosen to ignore
0 ,CONGRESS / OPPOSITION / PAKISTAN &amp;MUSLIMS R restless , desperate n offensive sensing
0 , As a Congress supporter so proud to know that inspite of seats the Congress/Rahul Gandhi are defacto the Govt of https://t
0 , BJP attacks over alleged foreign assets, hits back with deal .
1 ,Trying to plan ahead for this year's BEACON Congress and being very confused. I've had a long day.
0 , you are right no comparison between Rahul &amp; Modi ... Modi ji will never able to match s compassionate leade
0 ,If pc has some much wealth. Imagine what Rahul n Sonia n family have. The figure could be unthinkable. For other Co
0 ,Get prepared! And get prepared to serve in Congress!!!!
0 , Jim Mcingvale, , endorses Dan Crenshaw for Congress! I am supporting Dan because he loves his co
0 ,Signatures needed Tell Congress to stop the giveaway to &amp; in the . Don't roll back pestici
0 ,A typical congress party guy.. where are the modi haters now
0 ,Rahul Sinha Zee is hving a break Can you pl trace this VORdotcom
0 ,Misinterpriting is in the blood of Congress
0 ,and also includes Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin and members of Congress.The Foreign Ministry
0 ,Now congress in "Gaddar" list, as they supported Haffiz Syed in Mumbai terror. Secret meeting with pak envoys didn't solve their problem
0 , This , immigrant moms are being separated from their families, detained and deported. Ask Congress to
0 ,There is a player named k.l. rahul.
0 , Rahul Gandhi took up PM Modi's challenge to speak for just min without looking at paper!
0 ,With tough fight between Cong, BJP, punters have a field day - Times of India
0 ,WHY NOT ADMIT THAT IT HAS PROGRESSED DUE TO CONGRESS N COMMUNISTS POLICIES TO TUKRAY KARNA OF BHARAT!
1 , Congress needs to give the President the Line-Item Veto.
0 , Congress never approved it to begin with. It was a rogue attempt by Barack
1 ,Veteran administration is corrupt and congress is paying no attention. Is it about health care or is about legislation?
0 , The Impeachment Fiasco Another Example of Congress Adopting a Fringe Position Finance Minister 's article o
0 ,Reason why Rahul is planning to ditch sidda. He knows Sidda will be his nemesis, even in this elections Co $NUMBER$
0 ,NAKED TRUTH &amp; SHAMELESS FACES OF CONGRESS ( INC ) n OPPOSITION !
0 , Hi Pidivya, heart u voted Pappu yesterday. But Pappu is not a candidate in Karnataka polls.
0 ,Demit the office honorable minister,Rahul will fulfill your wish
0 , According to News, India has already started distributing Nawaz's damaging statement to members of US Congress. Nex
1 ,There is no Congress party in Andhra Pradesh
1 ,Congress didn't won even seat in
0 , Why will Rahul Gandhi investigate? Is he heading the Govt?
0 ,Yes, they should, but Congress can't be
0 ,Congress has built a eco system on the top of weakness of the people, so its very strong.
0 ,Contempt of Congress and LOCK THEM UP
0 ,Time has come now only. In years congress don't find any time to prosperous,prospective and safe india
0 ,Bogot leaps into top world rankings according to International Congress and Convention Association
0 ,Our Congress at work ... or not?
0 ,The coolest thing I was ever told was that if a celebrity is having a scandal it usually means congress is trying some shit.
1 ,one of courageous few in congress. Warrior against the corrupt and a real good guy. $NUMBER$
0 ,Not...exactly. Unilateral secession is unconstitutional. But I think it could happen with the consent of Congress.
0 , How funny is this:::emocrats have a Women candidate running in PA ,for Congress,&amp; she says ,in her TV ads,,Im for savi
0 ,Yogis Campaign in Karnataka was a damp squib,but Storms UP and Steals Hearts in Lucknow, City of Na C
1 ,How much u get by twitting such things on every tweet of Rahul gandhi as I noticed you a $NUMBER$
0 ,Dont worry about CBI, they are already on his tail but congress can atleast do an Internal investigat $NUMBER$
1 , Congress introduced the Protect and Serve Act legislation created to address violence against police. The HOR and the
0 , Read BJP President 's interview in which he spoke about how the Congress Govt. in Karnataka is discredited &amp; has
0 , Hey , who is sponsoring you to run your against Hindus and
0 ,We're sharing some ideas for a vision of a better Congress Avenue. Join
0 ,Tell Congress Stop the giveaway to &amp; in the . Don't roll back pesticide regulations. Sign $NUMBER$
0 , National Media after Karnataka elections.
1 ,Congress win Its a Siddaramaiah win not Rahul.
0 ,he has indirectly declared congress victory... order
1 ,Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks like
0 ,Sign 's Petition Tell Congress Allow the Department of Health and Human Services to Negotiate wit
0 , During Gujarat elections we saw how dinner meetings with topmost Pakistan officials were held to defeat BJP and now mutual lo
0 , Congress and Pakistan have amazing telepathy.
1 ,Congress demand is it justified?. It is a party &amp; public matter, whether anything is wrong? Why to hurr
0 ,Agree. Thats a slippery slope and once in place it would be abused by our minions in congress
0 ,Dragged feet = complicit with CONgress
0 , Except for EVMs nothing can stop Congress from winning Karnataka assembly elections .........
1 , Congress is misleading people in the name of Mahadayi. What the Congress is doing is showing its true character and people s
0 ,Mazine, honey, your time is up and your sell by date and congress service(?) Is past!
0 , Glimpses of the Parivartan Chintan of the Puri District Congress Committee
0 , Chanakya Exit Poll in Karnataka
0 ,Massive turnout in Kano APC LG congress
1 ,Ab aisa lag raha hai scam ka jo ilzaam congress govt. pe laga hai wo sab ek saazish thi aur usme govt off
0 ,Gujarat Congress MLA's two son continue firing for minutes in public gathering in Anand. $NUMBER$
0 ,Sign 's Petition Tell Congress Allow the Department of Health and Human Services to Negotiate with Dr
0 , | exit polls show BJP leading with seats, while predict Congress as the largest at .
0 , After the Karnataka results, Congress will become PPP Congress- Punjab, Puducherry and Parivar Congress PM
0 , Proud to run for office when its clear that we must have more women in Congress, esp. in PA.
0 , Mark Zuckerberg told Congress that users have complete control over advertising data, but the steps for opting out of a
0 ,Why is this SO DIFFICULT??? Where is Congress? Joint Chiefs? Anyone?
0 ,Gujarat Congress MLA's two son continue firing for minutes in public gathering in Anand.
0 ,That said Devin has more going on than anyone in Congress. Hope we can count on you to
1 ,reasons why BJP will win Karnataka via
0 ,death game park is culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" enough to be preserved in the library of congress
0 ,Congress, AAP &amp; Pakistan have one
0 ,. The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year, and such meeting
0 ,The Secret Goals of Communism Leaked to Congress in via
0 ,Oh really what was mait ka saudagar comment ? What was comment that Mr Modi can sell
0 ,In M.P. congress can win the party keep Gaddar away from the election compain.Middle class leadership who
0 , / Congress should IMMEDIATELY intervene to reinstate EITI disclosure requirements
1 ,That should read presider because thats what they had in Congress. Spellcheck keeps changing it after I typed it.
0 ,Lets Talk Elections, with Benito Benny Bernal running for the US Congress representing The
0 ,Good job Divya, your twitter handle has become synonymous with the Congress. Well done, u1
0 ,Cannot understand the Indian psyche for voting corrupt ,traitor party the Congress who have done nothing in last
1 , Congress Party has touched the lives and minds of millions of young people in the length and breadth of the country for decades
0 , State Congress President Mr. sahib attended today's inauguration of the Golden Kalaash Mohatsav organized on t
0 ,They are setting up food pantries in middle schools bc kids are so hungry and Congress is thinking of cutting SNAP
0 ,Is Modi not doing this by transferring, Govt welfa
0 ,If true, contact your Congress person. Something should be done.
0 ,The attorney for a porn actress has already done more than either house of congress in
0 ,At APA Congress, is giving away a Trip to Anywhere in the World* stop by Global Cash Card booth
0 , Gujarat Congress MLA's two son continue firing for minutes in public gathering in Anand.
0 , Sir . I am a small trader and I engage in Karnataka also.From my feedback I feel one major swing factor is M
0 , st International Congress of Biological Control has now started! Great to see Barbara Barratt as our NZ representative
0 ,Why does the NYT continue to undermine the constitutional authority of Congress to oversee the operation of all gov
0 ,Sir ro results in my servey..Congress:126 to and BJP:50 to Nd jd(s) to others to .. e
0 ,Hey, I'm not a big McCain fan, but he has integrity FSS. These cowering members of Congress,
0 ,The Paris Accord was never sent to congress. Just like the Green Climate Fund. The US gives away our mon
1 , Y'all, for real this tweet is going viral and its one of the main things driving emails and calls to congress this week
0 ,What about your crown prince of Gandhi family, Pappu?? LOL.
0 ,VA does not follow what Congress dictates. Chief Business Office is writing its own rules that are not aligned with law.
0 ,Modi's critic Kashmiri Muslim comes out in defence of Modi's Mother when A Hindu critic writes something derogato
0 , Congress, which has mobilization of Muslims for votes! Think of those who do not come together as 'Hindus'!
0 ,When are you going to Broadcast this Congressional Damaging Information Hannity!!! D
0 ,slams Chidambaram over DA charges; calls it Nawaz Sharif moment for Congress
1 ,if people were corrected last year for the worker's party/nazi jokes in congress, real nazis should be treated the same
1 , Jay Mata Ki Jay Sir good afternoon / years before God sends letter for India Congress bloody full kapil s
1 , Since the Congress party slaves only understand the sparingly used brains &amp; bodies of their Baba Log, so obvio
0 ,'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family - Times of India via
0 ,Hahaaa.. fake things. Like sirgical strike.. ye sab to congress bhi karti.. ye btaiye
0 , Because Sessions is dead from the neck up, Congress is cowardly and Donald t
0 , Congress on th May Vs. Congress on th May.
1 ,And some CONgress bhakts will even defend her sacrifices. And then they want lakhs! Paradox!
0 ,"How Congress can help mothers every day"
1 ,After Mitch McConnell, which Senator is most effective at accomplishing what he wants to do in Congress?
0 , Chiddu is another one who is digging the grave of congress
0 ,IT cases against P Chidambaram kin Congress's Nawaz Sharif moment
0 ,Congressman is running to replace Paul Ryan as Speaker of the House.
1 , The CONgress citadel is all set to fall like a pack of cards .If &amp; only if you vote ..
1 , -- There is no doubt that BJP will form government in Karnataka. Congress will exit from Karnataka. No q
0 ,This thread. It's time to put the money where the mouth is, support for Congress and let's get a r
1 ,U r piddi of corrupted and divided a religion Congress party
0 ,Whether BJP wins or Congress.Until Modi is at Centre &amp; Yogi in UP Muslims not safe in India &amp; their massacre on pre
0 ,DRAMAWAS PARTY IS NO. PARTY OF CONGRESS. BETTER IT IS FLOWN OUT BETTER FOR DEHLIWALA!
1 , We can turn the resistance into a progressive renewal by winning state legislative races and taking back Congress. Join me!
1 ,Yeah Congress is so smart that they only want the Muslim % whereas BJP wants only % by raising the
0 ,Congress Ecosystem helping Congress to protect the corrupt FM and make the corrupt CM a hero inspite of writing on
1 , Former Pak PM Nawaz Sharif Confess /11 Mumbai Attack Was Done By Terrorists.But Senior Congress Leader Digvij
0 , Congress which was jumping to impeach the Chief Justice of India withdraws the case after massive embarrassment! https:
1 , Shoutout to a new follower &amp; Good Luck fixing Congress!
0 ,congress have a bad habbit of crusing election loss to local leaders or public opinion but
0 , Vote Lauren Underwood for Congress
0 , This thread. It's time to put the money where the mouth is, support for Congress and let's get a represent
1 ,Who will take action, Rahul, Firoz or Twitter?. Push govt to take action instead of telli
0 , World Percheron Congress coming to Brandon in - Q Country FM AM
0 ,tkes tme realy?acording BJP, Cong could not do i
1 , is the most Vile, Corrupt Member of Congress. She has been there for years &amp; hasnt gotten AN
0 ,Our trusted public servants in Congress and the White House are doing exactly NOTHING to protect our elections. If
0 ,The Congress has reached the level where dump immediately is the quickest decision in cleaning India. As usual BO
0 ,Beware of gayle n rahul,,,,they will b in a mood of revenve...
0 , Imagine what congress can do appointed a radical jihadi as vice president of bharat
0 ,FISA abuse, lying to Congress, leaking classified info he's lawyered up and it's not D
0 , William Tanoos for Congress is starting his general election campaign with a short video stating his support for cannabis legal
0 ,To say CBN too was from congress is only for your pointless argument. Yes he was in congress for years b
0 , Let's urge Congress to deliver a special gift to working Moms &amp; all employees with , thanks t
0 ,Diminionism is crazy. Too many of you in Congress. We see you.
1 ,Why did Congress make laws to apply to insurance for them and not the citizens?
0 ,Mamta's trimool congress will be winner
0 ,No difference ! I thought Congress is the propagator if cast politics and BJP is the propagator of c c
0 , Rahul Gandhis words decoded. u
0 , FCC confirms net neutrality rules will end in June unless Congress votes to overrule them by
0 ,Tell Congress Protect Our Grasslands | World Wildlife Fund
0 , Main Stream Media like , high and mighty bastards in Congress like and others should be ashamed for
1 ,Fake voter cards not from bjp but from congress.
0 ,Sir can the dots be connected . Congress In Karnataka . Pashtun' s anger . Nawaj Sharif's ad $NUMBER$
0 , Congress Partys efforts of a forum shopping having failed, it refused to argue its unarguable case on merits. Such mis
0 ,Karanataka elections results  Congress. :126 to . And BJP :51to . Nd JDS :21to . Others
1 ,The last thing we need is more elites in Congress. Haven't fat cats already run the country into the ground along w C2
0 ,it's clear indication that congress party suurender before bjp.. Can't survive modiji's wave..
0 ,ITS WELL UNDERSTOOD NOW THAT UNEDUCATED PEAPLE ARE FOR CONGRESS AND EDUCATED FOR B J P .
0 ,Bittu, Ashu, other MLAs camps at Shahkot to supportCongress
0 ,Report to Congress on Artificial Intelligence and National Security ... - USNI News via u
0 ,Grand wedding of Rahul &amp; Jasleen Mechanic Hall in Westborough, MA
1 ,It's time we wind up CBI, NIA + other investigative agencies. years in power and still BJP eects Rahul to inves
1 , A shame that for thirty years congress still hasnt the backbone to fix our laws and secure our borders.
0 , Playing victim card by P Chidambaram is genuine as no body would believe in this country that he is only congress leade
1 ,Actually, when they bombed US at Pearl Harbor, we didn't have time for Congress to stand around and BS about it. Ex
1 , Every time it is the BJP alone which is on test. Never, ever Congress. In Gujarat, defending year incumbency - BJP on te
0 , I love how Congress just screams "Net Neutrality!" every couple of months to distract everyone from impending armed co
0 ,. Reinstate DACA through the Congress.
0 , As Congress debates imposing -to-25 hour/week work requirements on more food stamp recipients, notes that many
0 ,Rahul Deodhar Interesting Readings May - Development Finance Institutions. $NUMBER$
0 ,Hope that turns out to be true. But do you think JDS will go with BJP, if BJP fails to gain a simpl
0 ,Grand wedding of Rahul &amp; Jasleen Mechanic Hall in Westborough, MA $NUMBER$
1 ,A similar event happened in the s with US &amp; Europe. The diff. now is that Congress modified those sanctions to i
0 ,Toomey warns against 'blackmail' of Congress over NAFTA
0 ,Court Stops APC LG Congress In Rivers $NUMBER$U Via Channels TV
0 ,How to contact Congress and give them a piece of your mind
0 ,You realize congress is in charge of the money, right?
0 , The country was in congress led UPAs hand when Sunanda Pushkar was mercilessly murdered perhaps NDA would bring the cul
0 ,now and demand that is addressed in Congress. We can no longer tolerate this de $NUMBER$
0 ,Media? Why isnt CONGRESS finding it all out instead of closing investigations???
0 , Rahul Khanna appreciation tweet
0 , Hilbay Powers of judiciary, Congress effectively diminished | LIVE
0 ,Donot consider the name of MLA ticket who are behind the murder of congress leader and freedom figh
1 ,"My enemy is the white people, not Viet Cong or Chinese or Japanese. You my opposer when I want freedom. You my opp
1 , Who cares who paid Stormy? Taayers DIDNT! But we did pay for Congress sexual harassment settlements &amp; they wont release
0 ,And congress is complaining about moral on toturing this group of people? Whats is wrong in their head?
0 ,I can give in writing that in Karnataka BJP is going to form the Government with absolute majority with seats.C c
1 ,people commenting on bjp what congress gave them in yrs of its ruler lam not bjp bahagt or rss member
0 ,Yes, and he endorses such savory characters as John Dogherty's boy for congress, ahea
0 , Congress was NEVER suppose to be a career.
1 , If the Congress was sincere about the empowerment of women, they should have allowed Parliament to function. They did not
0 , Professional clown running for Congress. We give him a Ringling endorsement.
0 ,If this election has seen the rise of Rahul Gandhi and the return of his Mummy, the Prime Minister has only himself
0 , Dear Bengali intellectuals, I remember lots of jokes on "Bhakts" when Congress govts were harassing Patanjali over food
1 ,If at all Cong wins the Elections, The BLR Devepmnt Minister who is from BLR must be Made the CM &amp; not others..
0 ,Cheat sheet PA-7 race to represent the Lehigh Valley in Congress - Allentown Morning Call u9
0 , Those who have voted Cong in Karnataka Assembly Elections ,aft
0 ,Congress (R) is in on the take.
1 ,Sedition, SEDITION!! Congress needs to act/investigate Kerry's violation of the Logan
0 ,If you watch the B'lore press con, you'll probably have to think about why Rahul G speaks very little at the start,
0 ,Congress OKs miles of fence on border with Mexico
1 ,They ignored Sandyhook, they ignored two of their own Congress people shot, they ignore it in church, the
0 ,When congress and BJP attack each other.
1 ,In alone, ,349 bills and resolutions are currently before Congress this year to date.
0 ,Retweet this my friends. Big Pharma OWNS our Congress!
0 ,If you congressi guyz start believing on then you guyz are super fooled by mr ...
0 , Those who were worried money scammed by Neerav Modi,if compared with bn $ of Chidambram &amp; family, not only looted but
0 ,Congress should listen to $NUMBER$
0 ,Meatballs are usually had with spaghetti. Here the meatballs (Congress) are rancid &amp; the spaghetti (Media) is a coa
0 , ...contd but i am seriously considering pausing my account until congress can get its act together and pay attention to
0 ,My personal opinion is that we must immediately force (via a if necessary) congress t c
0 ,30 million to try to keep Congress. His company got $670 million from the tax s
1 ,Maryland House candidate says in a new ad that she's running for Congress becly
0 ,Emerhor attributes peaceful Delta APC LG congress to unityli s
0 ,Emerhor attributes peaceful Delta APC LG congress to unityli u
0 , Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for decades &amp; has ZERO accomplishments. He is a serial whiner and never provides fns
0 , it's clear indication that congress party suurender before bjp.. Can't survive modiji's wave..
0 , Responsible citizens Rahul Dravid &amp; Anil Kumble
0 ,I Rahul Sudan from India New delhi want to come in to this and want to earn money please let me me know how
0 ,A group of Chimpanzees is a Congress.
0 ,HEY IT IS NOT BREAK TRADITION, IT IS COMPLY W CONGRESS MANDATE &amp; MORALY MAKE JUSTICE A
1 , He was caught because of daring constable Omble ... If Congress can take credit for Kasab's arrest, it should also take r
0 ,Pappu Ji where is your Gabbar Singh Tax?
0 ,That's OK. Fareed's intern is plagiarizing someone who didn't lie to Congresvy
0 ,to achieve this rahul must step down, India doesn't want a guy like him to lead $NUMBE s
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think of! .
0 , What I hate is that most journalists even Rajdeep - subtly celebrate BJP more than any party. s
1 ,Hope so .. BJP can form government only if they get majority.. or Congress already made offer to JDS with Dalit  s
1 ,What a bunch of BS. We need a new Congress.
0 , An EPA whistleblower says that Scott Pruitt was "bald-faced lying" when he told members of Congress that no EPA employees
0 ,Another massive shock to Congress in Karnataka! India's most trusted election eert says BJP will get $NUMBER$ seat $NUMBE -
0 ,In fact, it seems a fundamental principle of the three branches of government. Congress is composed of fa $NUMBER$
0 ,Congress conspirators launching book to defame Hindus and RSS for /11 Mumbai terror attack which was actually cns
1 , This day last year I was debating on the final decision to run for Congress. I was sitting beside my moms hospital bps
1 ,Next prime minister Of India Rahul Gandhi
1 , Yes, and he endorses such savory characters as John Dogherty's boy for congress, ahead of).
1 , The NSC spying on White House staff to facilitate a political purge is a new level of crazy. Congress needs to figure out O)
0 , Mumbai Congress President has slammed CM who failed to check violence in the State as Home Min
1 ,The credit will go to if Congress party wins the election Karnataka ng
1 ,How did I end up paying for congressmen's lude behaviour?
0 , RT if you agree Congress should work as long as it takes nights, weekends, &amp; through the August recess if necessary
0 ,But that's all you can do. BJP will never be Congresll
0 , Retweet this my friends. Big Pharma OWNS our Congresll
1 ,ready to vote for congress if Rahul Gandhi is removed .. C C
1 ,agree, same time if bowlers r not good in oppo team . they will get trashed, same here, Rahul is ns.
0 ,+ yrs, Congress funded military survival training that included waterboarding Navy &amp; Air Force traini
1 , So Kanna LakshmiNarayana who won terms in Congress and just joined BJP this term after being defeated, is now its stas,
0 , No more congress gunda raj So feeling discomfoll
1 , Congratulations Srinivas ji. Great acknowledgement of hard work and dedication to the ideals of Congress and our great lead t
0 ,All India Trinamool Congress (TMC) worker Anarul Mita suffered bullet injuries in an attack in Cooch Behar's DinhO)
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks li K
0 , Twitter India belongs to his clan..blind to such acts..tweet the same changing Modi
1 ,Indirectly he means Congress Mukt Bharat, a party that used divide and rule policy last years to remai
0 , As usual, congress funded journalists hitjos.
0 , If you watch the B'lore press con, you'll probably have to think about why Rahul G speaks very little at the start, allo s
1 , we eed and Congress favorite Aziz Burney who authored /11 RSS conspiracy within a week of its publl
1 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with an O)
1 ,Rahul Bhatt was a pawn in Headley's game, new book claims
0 , Four months after my wife gave birth to a beautiful baby boy named Carl, I was diagnosed with ALS. I was shocked when Congr
0 , No place for dalits and backwards in 'heart' of Congress PM Modi - Times of Inds?
0 ,You are digging your graveyard day by day.. Destruction countdown of Congress has beg s
0 , Just think he could accomplish with a Congress on his side, no witch
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoorhe
0 , Rahul Gandhi should investigate?
0 ,Why? Is Rahul Gandhi running the govt??
0 , /11was always a ISI operation, which congress leader denied it?When was Kasab hanged?ll
1 , This day last year I was debating on the final decision to run for Congress. I was sitting beside my moms hospital b s
0 , Congress has come to such a state that voting for them is no less than treason towards India. Can't understand s
1 , Mister , your wife was murdered on th January . At that time, the Congress govt was in power. Looks lill
0 ,Would love to see one of the theoretical situations come about where congress has to appoint a temp p
0 ,WHEN YOU RID THE RACISTS IN CONGRESS. THEN WE CAN TALK ABOUT THIS AIDE
0 , Planned Parenthood donated more money to Congress in one election than the NRA has since).
0 , I feel d greatest threat Hindus&amp; Sikhs is . How Sikhs support this party that bombarded Golden temple? Thll
1 , 'Will Rahul probe Chidambaram's foreign assets matter?', asks Nirmala Sitharaman via
0 , At least it was $NUMBER$ split in Bihar. Others not in this list like NewsNation also put Cong ahead. In Karnataka i
0 , World Green Infrastructure Congress Bengaluru - Rethinking  June $NUMBER$
1 , Blaming the RSS for /11 was a well crafted strategy of the Congress party to create a spectre of Hindu terror with an at
0 ,Mr Shatner is Canadian. He has a Prime Minister and a House of Commons but mo president or Congress.
0 ,) Divided BJP was at in . Now some polls predicted win. Massive improvement.
0 , Congress will lose its traditional seat from Indira Gandhi time... "chikmagalur" to BJPca
1 ,While tmrw BJP just wins Karnataka, lucky Congress as they will be celebrating big moral victory. Advance congratna
0 ,Bravo! Elected members of Congress are accountable every two years to the people.
0 , That said Devin has more going on than anyone in Congress. Hope we can count on you to seek
1 , agree, same time if bowlers r not good in oppo team . they will get trashed, same here, Rahul is not fit f a
0 , Congress only alternative is state, centre  MP Deepender Singh Hooes
0 ,And this is how Hitler was able to kill million people. The German congress convinced the people that the lies H
0 ,Paul Ryan says Congress will take up entitlement spending in
0 ,Congress only alternative is state, centre  MP Deepender Singh Hooda
0 ,I think he means congress or congress men not the country or country menll
0 , waiting to see the whole family in jail ....along with Maa-beta of JP ...Just imagine if cong manages to  c
0 ,They has showcased that during Congress was in central government, they said the central is not bothere
1 , This day last year I was debating on the final decision to run for Congress. I was sitting beside my moms hospital b..
0 , BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think of! $
1 , speaking on behalf of Scott Uehlinger for Congress today
0 ,Congress "You will have till Jan th to turn in your AR C88
0 ,Among Rs, Rayudu, Rishabh and Rahul.... One will be player of the tournament.
0 ,Oh really? Paul Ryan says Congress will take up entitlement spending i $NUMBER$
1 ,On ground Congress campaign is so weak NOT aggressively raising meaningful i
0 , HAMAS is running for Congress!th
0 , Congress aims to force Pentagon reform on open burning of munitio M
1 ,MY Congress people care, alot. Their names are Dianne Finesstein and Kamala Harris and they care ALOT. So do I. $NUMBER$
0 ,True if cong mamta maya mulu lalu win evm ok if bjp evm fault blind cant see as but ankho wal
0 ,When is the topic Modi to godi to all cabinet ministers to MPs to MLA to Councilors to Bhaqt w
1 ,I'm also a voter of a gram panchayet and a proud worker of trinamool congress. I'm v
0 , Yes actually, if Rahul Gandhi had stayed away i think siddu would have done even bettevy
0 , Siddaramaiah has already been dumped by cong high command , made him scapegoat all in all fighting elex under his leader s
0 , "How Congress can help mothers every dall
0 , Siddaramaiah says this will be his last election, OK if Congress picks Dalit CM via
1 ,In , a book named26/11  RSS ki Sazishwas released by Digvijay Singh. The book claims the RSS  ; BJP are behind /11
0 ,All Modi speeches should be preceded by a Statutory Warning:
0 ,"Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi should initiate an investigation against Mr. P Chidambram by ordering CBI" ~ Defence Minis
0 ,Why not add BJP manifesto and Modi Jis biography from SATYUG to DWAPARYUG, he fought again
0 ,Absolute must watch Ravish Kumar's lessons to Modi on history  ; his deliberate  ; repeated lies about Nehru, Bhagat Singh  ;
1 ,Modi tried his best to fulfil his promise of Rs.15 lakh to every Indian but anti-national Nehru didn't let
0 ,PM KP Sharma Oli wears matching Kurta as he welcomes visiting Indian PM Narendra Modi a
1 ,CPM chief Sitaram Yechury accuses Narendra Modi govt of keeping people 'away from reality' - Firstpost
0 ,There seems to have been a misunderstanding. The election results have not yet been announced and even if Congress wins, t
0 ,Has Narendra Modi's visit put India-Nepal relations back on firm footing? - Livemint
1 ,Rather,Modi govt should book Digvijay Singh for high treason for shielding real culprits and blaming Hindus for /11 https://t
0 ,Two Things That Could Stop Modi In The Next Elections
0 ,Modi is responsible for every statement made by every BJP supporting/voting Hindu in India, Gurmehar Kaur shouldnt be qu
0 ,Two Things That Could Stop Modi In The Next Elections
0 ,Highest voter turnout in Mysore region where we are predicting a major shift from JDS to Cong.. Mumbai Karnataka, BJP
0 ,Wrong - You are what you are not because of BJP, but because of your Saheb and Saheb only. You know, the world know
1 ,Shame on the Modi government for deporting Daughter of Faiz Ahmed Faiz from India and stopping her from participating in the
0 ,Pseudo-Nationalists of BJP attack Indian Army calling it politically motivated as Army opposes building of houses by BJP
0 ,You are one person who can prove loyalty to the best. Whatever Cong is you will question /years o Cd
1 ,Senior BJP leader  ; Ex Deputy CM of J ;K accuses Indian army of harassing people in J ;K. The reason is, army has objected
1 ,Till when will BJP keep fooling ppl? Changing base years to look good doesn't gets jobs
1 ,They r busy linking MRIs as dictated by the crown prince . Pl hold your horses BJP
0 ,BJP leadership must remember that Cong has lost the trust and result is Their no in Lok Sabha, Hopes history will repeat w
1 ,When Digvijaya Singh did this, he did this with a intention of polarising minority community in favour of the Cong party:
0 ,Has Narendra Modi's visit put India-Nepal relations back on firm footing? - Livemint
1 ,CPM chief Sitaram Yechury accuses Narendra Modi govt of keeping people 'away from reality' - Firstpost
0 ,What job used to do? What he was doing so important that Modi has taken it? Did Modi banned all the medi
0 ,BJPs support for rape culture has sickeningly led them to even withhold funds for rape survivors. How much longer will Indian wom
0 ,Any 'naamdar, kaamdar, daamdar or samajhdaar' can become PM in India, says BJP leader Shatrughan Sinha - Firstpost
0 ,Facts and numbers speak louder than 'jumlas.' Watch this to know how Congress-ruled Karnataka fares much better than BJP's
0 ,My prediction for Karnataka BJP $NUMBER$. JDS second and Congi third
0 ,My book suggestions for PM Modi to read Pandit Nehru's An Autobiogr
1 ,This is how the fascist Narendra Modi govt has throttled voices of dissent in , murdered freedom of speech.
0 ,BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think of!
0 ,As there is model code of conduct in Karnataka, PM Modi planned to pray at temples in Nepal instead, j
0 ,Nepal PM Oli Requests Modi to Provide Exchange Facility for Demonetised Notes - News18 $NUMBER$
0 ,If P Chidambaram joins BJP he can be clean ?or the charges can be diluted ? Can you rule out any such possibilities ?
1 ,Bengal Killing of opposition continues unabated. A Adivasi BJP activist Jagannath Tudu was killed today by TMC goons.
0 , Of course Modi has larger stakes than Rahul. A brilliant student scoring % will be scolded &amp; punished if he scores % and
0 ,In his statement Nawaz Sharif has admitted that Marvi Sarmad was gang raped by Nawaz Sharif, Modi, RAW Chief and Asif Zardari.
0 , Since independence Congress making the goof of Indian by playing caste &amp; religion game. Young voters know the truth.
0 , At , Heeraben, mother of PM Modi, went to the bank to exchange Rs she didn't need. is a symbolic celeb
0 ,This turncoat spewed venom against on TV debates in his pre-Modi chamcha day
1 , In the rush to attack Modi's very real factual errors, let us not absolve the Congress' equally real faults. It is a fac
1 ,how much did modi pay ex pm sharif to say that
0 , President Rahul Gandhi slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi over allegations that candidate B
0 , The two-day visit of PM Narendra Modi to , his third since assuming office in , will see him make a stop at
1 , In the past years, farmer suicides have touched ,000. Modi govt wont commit to a farm-loan waiver of just ,20,000
1 , Policy after policy, scheme after scheme stands testimony to the many failures of the government led by Modi Ji. The lat
0 , People like this voted Modi in. From Akhlaq to Asifa, from Rohith Vemula to Santoshi of Jharkhand, there are many who di
1 , When will the Modi government realise the importance of these reports and numbers? The answer is probably never. Accepti
0 ,Since the crackdown on black money by modi ..all these block to white covert operator are in trouble
0 , AICC press briefing by spokesperson on years of the Modi Govt.
0 ,As per most of the , neither BJP nor Congress, it would be Amit Shah in Karnataka.
1 ,What Modi and Shah did in Gujarat in the name of terrorism, M L Khattar is doing in the name of cow, Adityanath in the name
0 ,That was fixed match between Chic\du and Trojan Horses in BJP like Ravi shankar Prasad &amp; AJ.
0 , India's global poverty rank improves as result of performance by non-BJP, non-Hindi states. It's global poverty rank would be m
0 , I learn that some elements of WB BJP are not averse to undisclosed seat adjustment with with Communists to defeat Trinamul Con
0 , Today PM Modi went to Nepal and Visited the Holy Place &amp; wrote a Note by his own as a Gesture also undersigne
0 , MIRROR NOW EXCLUSIVE BJP IT Cell man admits how election battles are fought; reveals BJPs game plan. Hear him divulge soci
0 , Modi's Rafale deal-a loss of ,632 Cr.
1 , BJP National President Shri ji will address 'Booth Karyakarta Sammelan' on th May in Goa.
1 , BJP asks Congress President whether he will investigate 's foreign assets.
0 , Karnataka elections saw Modi take political discourse to a new low | |
0 , Tweeters say I promote personal gains. I'm not in BJP.None knows me. Drawn Hinduism due2its lofty philosop
0 , Read How both UPA &amp; BJP Govts &amp; the SC (including present CJI Mishra) protected former CJI Balakrishnan from charges of mis
0 , Congress leader said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited at Nepals temples just to influence voter
0 , Will LG be able to muster courage to act against alleged BJP goons?
0 , AICC press briefing by spokesperson on years of the Modi Govt.
0 , Modi ji confessing what he gets from Unemployed youth after breaking his promise of generating crore jobs per year. (
1 , The Congress and Congress culture bring with it these evils. It is important to keep Karnataka away from Congress. https:
0 , When Dr was single hand eing ex FM PC for his Corruption,foreign assets Bank accounts,No one from BJP helped
0 ,Yess! Maybe Ill vote for BJP now becoz they also love (thats one way to
1 , When Dr conducted press conference during Modi Govt tenure eing Ex FM PC , electronic,print media all delib
1 ,&gt; Muslims &amp; Christians have totally and unitedly voted against BJP
0 , Nirmal Singh, Deputy CM of J&amp;K, a BJP man, attacks the army, says they are politically motivated. Shameful.
1 ,CPI(M) General Secretary Sitaram Yechury says Narendra Modi wants to keep people away from reality
1 ,Mass walkovers, BJP-CPI(M) alliances and four other bizarre things about the Bengal panchayat polls d
1 ,Mass walkovers, BJP-CPI(M) alliances and four other bizarre things about the Bengal panchayat polls u
0 ,Public reply to dubbing journalist Rajdeep Sardesai - MODI, BJP
0 ,Congress Sharif moment? BJP on cases against P Chidambarams family
0 , BJP candidate's saree torn off in Arambagh Bengal. Maybe it is too small a news for media. It's okay guys God is watchin
0 ,|| Damn we still need a Magni and Modi tho!
0 , This kind of scum is now being appointed as fellow to the Nehru Museum and Memorial Library. Well, give it to the BJP-
0 , See... BJP introduced Guha as eminent historian
0 ,BJP councillors son shoots at student, booked for attempt to murder
0 ,INC dividing Langayats, Patidars, SC/ST, OBC, Muslims, and you're saying the BJP is dividing? Such blatant lies are
0 ,Hahahhaa not surprise its B team of bjp
0 , You probably found a more profitable work tweeting against Modi. Else, you won't be
1 , Bjp brought extremisim in indian politics. Fuck BJP...
0 ,How many BJP govts have ruled UP and Centre since then.
0 , Why There Is But No ? What's The Deal With Storm Modi Ji?
0 , After beating chief secretary of Delhi Govt, Kejriwal threatens BJP supporters with violence. Kejriwal is a threat to de
0 , All ministers and MLAs will walk upto LG house from my residence on Monday at pm to urge Honble LG not to follow BJP
0 , Modi is lowering the bar of political discourse in India with alarming frequency -
1 ,Arey fattu if your comedy is only based on Modi then it seems like you don't have any other stuff. Tr
1 , Worthlessly Redundant Lutyens Loser hates Modi from every pore of her body... But wants to compare Sidda to his goo
0 ,MEP is B team of bjp bjp playing dirty politics divide &amp; rules....
1 ,"Congress ko vote doge, to Rah
0 ,Police Complaint against Dhruv Rathee! | BJP IT Cell Part
0 ,Despite this, modi will struggle to win banaras, thanks to presstitute
0 , LIVE  Shri is addressing a press conference at BJP HQ. $NUMBER$
0 , Star campaigners of BJP;
0 ,Pic  When BJP is winning...
0 ,Pic  When BJP is losing... $NUMBER$
0 , Mr b4 testing Modi ji on every issue this time u need to pass the test st.
1 ,Now you have to organize some rallies to overcome that sadness.. wah modiji wah...
0 , If the Country is not safe under Nationalist BJP's hands, lets hand it over to Italian National CONgress where the Senior L
0 ,Jai ho BJP darker ki
0 ,Nuns visit to Srirangam temple BJP, Hindu outfits file complaint
1 ,BJP govt building a statue of Ram in Ayodhya is communal politics and waste of money, while TDP claiming we built thous
1 ,Now we have to be beside and behind the Modi sarkaar. There will be last ditch effort by liberals, their paid media
0 , Despite this, modi will struggle to win banaras, thanks to presstitute
0 ,I found it! Here is a Sanghi who hopes one day Tajinder Bagga will be CM of Punjab from BJP (without alliance with SAD)
0 ,A reporter abducted by Water Mafia Goons close to local delhi BJP councillor.
0 ,'Congress' Sharif moment?' BJP on cases against P Chidambaram's family
0 , yrs you people hated Modi this much means for years how much others should hate dynast looters. If this is right
0 , BJP .. can it get deposit in one seat in AP?
1 , In years, people will still be talking about Vadivelu. I don't think anyone would know of Modi.
0 , Problem is BJP does not have face&ampresent leadership is scared to take on TMC - plus we have TMC moles in WB BJP
1 , yes !! even aliens have started marching towards earth to defeat modi eecting more than crore new enrollment in v
0 , Dear Rahul Gandhi, stop day dreaming, this massive support and enthusiasm for BJP reflects the mood of Karnataka and the enti
0 , Because he is Anti-Modi... The EC barred from voting... Just as Bollywood, Tollywood, Mollywood, Bimbliwood h
0 , That the Karnataka Congress is neck-deep in corruption is well known. Things are so bad that even top Congress leaders wh
0 , CAG wrong, Congress right.
0 ,Police wrong, Congress right.
0 ,Army wrong, Congress right.
0 ,EC and EVM wrong, Congress right.
0 , Massive gatherings at PM Shri 's rallies have singular message that Congress govt. is on its way out in Karnata
0 ,Poetry like prose style site:Big BJP win in How? Should get all credit $NUMBER$ C
0 ,ACHE DIN ACHE DIN, BJP LOOTERE KO ACHE DIN, AAM ADMI KO BURAY DIN. MR. MODI &amp; AMITSHAH HATE LES c
0 ,BJP Showed BJP Flags &amp; Raised Slogans against
1 , Honestly, BJP hasnt given me enough reason to vote for them in .
1 ,But Congress has given more than enough reason to vote
1 ,CBI set to charge PNB ex-MD in Nirav Modi scam today
1 , How Karnataka voted when the BJP won the Karnatakaelections
0 , Republic News Anchor Arnab Goswami Is BJP Agent.
0 ,Let us kill Modi Insha Allah A dreaded ISIS plot eed inGujarat
1 , She thinks BJP is in opposition &amp; is the Prime Minister! Perhaps she time-travelled to
1 ,On pressing Banking, vote went to BJP.. Haddh hai yaar..
0 ,BJP such party where tea seller can become PM AmitShah
0 ,Sunanda was.murdered in whose regime BJP or Cong ???
1 , PM Modi goes all out to win hearts, Nepal foreign minister terms Modi's visit historic and successful.
1 , When unfortunately Kathua incident happened blame Modi for handling .
1 , If BJP loses Karnataka, prepare for two things before
0 , Some BJP fans keep on repeating will Government of Kerala reduce the tax on petroleum products? We have not increased th
0 , Care to tell me once where v hv to find after th may to seek his reaction as he said BJP will not cross
1 , I don't care if bjp wins every election...I would still say the is poisonous for India. Right is right even if
1 , So Kanna LakshmiNarayana who won terms in Congress and just joined BJP this term after being defeated, is now its state
1 ,years of Modi government Poll checks public mood - The Economic Times
0 , Liar liar high eectations BJP4India
1 ,India-Nepal ties scaled new heights after Modi visit KPOli
1 , Slowly people are eed to communist/congress ideology and he told me there is a change in the outlook of people and Hindus
0 , Speaking to Karyakartas in Goa about Modi govt, Amit Shah says-
1 ,"This is the first time after independence that a non-Congr
0 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, accountNPA
0 , Here is an anonymous individual who has the full knowledge of the reasons why Modi unanimously devided to go for .
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides:
0 ,Vote For BJP Vote For Vikas
0 ,This is the VIKAS of BJP
1 , ) Ambedkar proposed caste based reservation for years, BJP wants it to continue forever. WTF am I supposed to do w
0 , Who exactly is working in the BJP?
0 ,He is still trying to bully BJP to shut up!
1 , Last Year, less then few months, Modi Govt quietly changed the base year to compare growth data. This is usually done eve
0 ,Modi screams. And rants. And whines.
0 , OpIndia contributors have serious comprehension issues. This idiot here refers to a CPIM woman candidate as a BJP candid
0 , Modi is planning to wage a war against shell cos
0 , I'm not a fan of any political party but to be fair, till , Rahul Gandhi was considered as a joke &amp; Narendra Modi
0 , Both Trump and Modi have a complex relationship with "fake news" and "false statements".
0 , For your lapdog who keeps pondering on the question MODI V/s WHO let him know that it's Modi V/s us, All of us.f
0 , BJP MLA Rakesh Rathore argued with police over death due to dog bites in Sitapur, also said, 'fault is of higher lead
0 , Absolute Must watch on Modis lies about &amp; obsession with Nehru.
0 ,Modis gutterchaap speeches have debased standard
1 , Addressed a Public rally in the Gondia-Bhandra LokSabha constituency in Maharastra today for BJP candidate Sh Hemant Patl
0 , BJP is governing Madhya Pradesh since yrs &amp; here are the achievements :
0 , The great Congress IT cell head Ramya and great FoS champion Prakash Raj skip from casting their votes!
0 ,Kannada actress Bhavana joins BJP.
0 , When nation eected Modi to be tough with China on Doklam, he taken refuge in headline management &amp; when that got ee
0 , Will BJP investigate video of alleged bribe to CJI for Reddy Brothers and file a case? U
0 , Narendra Modi Amit Shah is not guilty.
0 , Desperation to win Karnataka has walked BJP into its most visible compromise with organised political crime and corruptio
1 ,What prompted Modi Govt to change the base year again or it's a kind of systematic approach to hide inefficiency of the Mini
0 ,If you love BJP go to Assam
1 ,  Congress did nothing in years.
0 , Congratulations to for visiting Hindu pilgrimage sites of Pashupatinath and Muktinath in Nepal. I have visite
0 ,Thats why Modi can fly around the world and do nothing and he is justified. Also they shouldnt be judged for mistakes.
1 , Its actually a part of BJPs poll-campaign for year
1 , Bad news for BJP % people in Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh &amp; MP want to vote it out.....
1 ,Bad news for BJP  % people in M.P Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh want to vote out BJP ..
0 , Congress President Rahul Gandhi, who is himself out on bail should come out and tell us if he is going to investigate this c
0 , | Exit polls are generally more accurate than opinion polls. By this logic, BJP seems to be better pl
0 ,Whats the Maharashtra BJP doing? Put him behind bars!
1 , Chidambaram didn't disclose its investments to tax authority, violating Black Money Law, which was brought by Modi govt as p
0 , Reasons why he broke up with BJP. Needs votes from his friends to stay in power. sold its soul to a puncture Wa
1 , Thank God Narendra Modis mother was blessed with Wisdom and did not embark on a sin of abortion. Due to her love, India
0 , Modi could not fool everyone.
0 ,Good to see somebody in BJP finally take this up. $NUMBER$
1 ,years of Modi years of Modi government Poll checks public mood - The Economic Times via
0 , Gate way to tamil nadu for bjp is very easy.
0 , Be it BJP or Congress, when it comes to J&amp;K and Nagaland, a political problem canno $NUMBER$
0 ,Nirmal Singh , BJP LEADER , (1) Constructs illegal building adjacent to ammunition depo (2) Takes $NUMBER$ crores loan
0 , Sharif ees Pak terror, admits Pak hand to /11. Admission jolts apologists, but no apology from them yet. BJP slams, wa
1 , Dalit Atrocities by an anti-dalit BJP continue unabated - this time in Gadag, Karnataka for not voting for BJP.
0 ,A paradigm change from past. Modi Go
0 ,I have gone through YouTube but nowhere I got a video that Modi has told that he wo
0 ,Karnataka elections saw Modi take political discourse to a new low | |
0 , Republic News Anchor Arnab Goswami Is BJP Agent.
1 ,Here is the good news from JD(S) No support for Bjp. Since the BJP won't be getting majorityin the Karnataka State e
0 ,Modi Govt successes
0 ,Nirmal Singh , BJP LEADER , (1) Constructs illegal building adjacent to ammunition depo (2) Takes $NUMBER$ crores loan
0 ,So mean to say that if we are frm BJP or RSS we can abuse the PM? Or thay PM
0 , PM Shri Narendra Modis vision of world class city being fulfilled by Shri Vijay Rupani led Government of Gujarat. Come an
1 ,Dear Voters of remember this wise advice of BJP leader before you vote in
0 ,BJP IT Cell eed, how they work and spread propaganda of Hindu Muslim fights. And what
0 , Modi rule made the way to loot banks and fled away. Modi rule created the way to protect corrupted like jagan an
0 , We started off with party members and now we are the largest political party in the world with crore party members  BJP ch
0 , Met with the bereaved family of BJP worker Jagannath Tuddu, Mondal General Secy of ST Morcha, who was killed by TMC goons. H
1 ,If only the BJP government did the same with its Netas who talk similar crap.
1 , Yup only % and yet they won because despite being in majority Hindu votes got divided between Shiva Sena and BJP while
1 , False BJP will attack the government
0 ,India Progress Only With Congress
0 ,Put Dr Swamy in charge of going after the Corrupt and BJP will probably have some credibility. Sorry sir
0 , This turncoat spewed venom against on TV debates in his pre-Modi chamcha days &amp; n
1 , BJP National President Hon'ble Sh ji will address 'Booth Karyakarta Sammelan' today in Goa.
0 ,When CPIM continue to attack RSS &amp; BJP workers they have every right to defend and counter attack. The failed Keral
0 ,Forget Surveys and Opinion Polls!!! Ground Report suggests that BJP will make a massive victory in Karnataka Assemb
1 , Liar-in-Chief, Congress Govt always blamed only Pak for /11. Never ever did it blame RSS - though RSS has been responsible f
0 , Narendra Modi's rare moment of truth!
1 ,you don't see this abusive?? Or you only suspend and delete pro modi or pro BJP or pr
1 , Modi Govt cheats to make its governance look good Change goal post Measure yardsticksuch other deviating measures that few
0 ,Although he is talking of Modi, after seeing his tweet his mother feels she should have had the abortion.
0 , BJP s deliberate targeting of Chidambaram family thru a dozen investigating agencies, is sheer vindictiveness... none of the
0 , Modi ji in his home town today.
1 ,BJP leader Nirmala Seetharaman did it and elored the best in PCs case. Former finance minister will be booked
0 ,President Ramnath Kovind, PM Narendra Modi condole thunderstorms deaths
0 ,Being polite to the murderous, bigoted, invasive, shit-for-brains BJP and Sanghis is a crime. They only
0 ,can u elain me how is it even remotely possible how as per deshmukh % M voted bjp
0 ,Within months of Election BJP, IPFT relation...
1 , Nice to have at least one BJP guy warning this chit of a taklu to hold his toungue or be prepared to get it dissecte
0 , 'Never seen such a hardworking Prime Minister like Narendra Modi' - Ram Vilash Paswan.
0 ,Crackdown on shell companies Narendra Modi government, regulators now pla
0 , Why Modi is a bigger threat to Indian democracy than Trump is to America via
0 , May EVM is fine. Rahulji winning!
1 ,May EVM developing faults. Rahulji forming govt with outside support
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor
0 ,Modi is an ass h**e. Trump b
0 ,BJP, Congress spar over Chidambaram's 'undeclared' assets (Roundup) - d
0 , Don't give excuses to justify your dirty mind, your vile tweets and your hatred for PM Modi. You are just an abusive, a
0 ,"BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank,
1 , The Narendra Modi government is planning to increase the jail term for those who abandon or abuse their elderly parents,
0 ,Exit Polls are entertainment for BJP for days. Based upon Statistician data of feet average depth of the river.
0 , The great Congress IT cell head and great FOS champion skip from casting their votes.
1 ,This thread, reveals Modi is not writing the notes himself. notes at different time and place, different handwriting. A
1 ,Whether BJP, Congress or TC, all to work as commitment to respective party but should not make informal un $NUMBER$
0 , Star campaigners of BJP;
0 ,Bjp ready ga undani powerstar em chesthado chudal
0 ,which was brought by Modi gov
0 , In fact BJP &amp; especially Modiji has a Congress &amp; Nehru phobia. % of what Mr Modi talks abou
0 ,I have a very strong feeling that if BJP does not get an absolute majority in Karnataka tomorrow, Congress will go
1 ,constant lies by modi does it impact any vote swing
0 , India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shashi Tharoor via
0 ,Operation GARUDA of BJP is to take over AP to its hands. Operation NADDI VIRUGUDU is for YSRCP and JANASENA... Both
0 ,PM Modi Must Resign On Moral Grounds.
0 ,kids amazing Q&amp;A on Narendra Modi
0 ,Today in West Bengal , it is Didi Vrs ALL . Even BJP has handshaked with Left Parties.
0 , JDS sources in Bangalore claim BJP support to JDS % sure to keep Congress out. Vokkaliga mutts will play key role if JDS
0 ,BJP, LG and Maken together tried to stop mohalla clinics last year. They successfully delayed it by several months.
0 ,JNU Student recalling horrific days of evil Modi era in front of her professors during Ancient History
0 , Sanjay Patil, BJP candidate from Belagavi rural. Listen to him lambasting Rahul Gandhi for disrespecting Vishveshwaraiah and V
0 ,Be prepared to be gucked royally by BJP
0 , Modi-Xi meeting brings optimism, may help India and China step out of Doklam shadow
0 ,MODI is a confused being
0 ,Honestly the mrkts does not bother who rules Karnataka. BJP or congress the fiis may be happy if BJP wins. However $NUMBER$
1 , If BJP doesn't win by itself, Siddaramaiah has smartly played his cards already - he talked of Dalit CM.
0 ,Congress is better than BJP...
1 ,Manmohan Singh was a better &amp; incomparable prime minister to Modi ...
1 , BJPites only care about Power.
0 ,Hindu Khatre mein hain BJP se.
0 ,PM Modi's quotes via NMApp
0 ,sir, can u pls let me know how u think % M voted BJP. or is there a typo in ur table
0 , Put Dr Swamy in charge of going after the Corrupt and BJP will probably have some credibility. Sorry sir. Too lit
1 ,modi spoke truth for the first time
0 , My message to BJP Booth Karyakartas. HOW DEDICATED PARTY CHIEF MINISTER GOA MR ji s
0 ,The best way for to counter BJP is to act pro hindu.
0 , Addressed our BJP karyakartas and office bearers from Wardha-Chandrapur-Gadchiroli for the upcoming Maharashtra Legislati
0 ,Kick his butts instead doing wrong things. How do u know he is supported of modi ? Even if he is still
1 , JP is Kaamdhenu COW of cash for BJP. Loads of party fund... bound to protect hi
0 , Me joining BJP? Seriously, April can't go on and on into May also. (I clarify truth). My only par
0 ,Modi is bloody selfish and o
0 , Narendra Modi in UK 'The person in the Royal Palace in London is the Sevak of crore Indians' | READ
0 ,Anybody can become PM but not PAPPU. You are in bjp better join congress
0 ,First it was "Saffron Terror" by BJP/RSS coined by Rahul Gandhi &amp; Congis.
0 ,Another massive shock to Congress in Karnataka! India's most trusted election eert says BJP will get $NUMBER$ seat
0 , Hey just like bihar looks like computer template coding marking the congress &amp; bjp got interchanged again
0 , Madan Mohan Malviya how a four-time Congress president became a BJP icon C via
1 ,To rub it in further now Modi wants Indians to use eensive petrol and diesel as Lubricant
0 ,He was the main campaigner for Congress in Karnataka!!
1 ,The credit will go to if Congress party wins the election Karnataka CM
1 , Dear Voters of remember this wise advice of BJP leader before you vote in https://t.
0 , why the hell are people interlinking modi's visit to Nepal and Sandeep Lamichhane's debut game?
0 ,Dear Arun and Modi sir.. - pls save
0 ,My prediction is irrespective of seats they get, Cong claims vi
1 , To secure a police officer (who fixed Nambi in the false spy case) to target Modi in Gujarat, Sonia govt virtually destroy
1 ,% believe Modi government on track to deliver its promises Survey
1 ,On pressing Banking, vote went to BJP.. Haddh hai yaar..
0 ,PM Modi's quotes via NMApp
1 , In a bid to counter its image of being seen as anti-Dalit, Modi govt decided to bring an ordinance to nullify court verdict on S
1 , Modi governments policies can be likened to a movie whose trailer and advertisements look so promising that people are
0 , Is it Modi and Yogi who are destroying heritage of Kashi? Or someone else?
0 ,Love Modi for a fitti
0 ,"BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account N
0 , Prime Minister of India, His Excellency Sri Narendra Modi ji and I have agreed, during Modi Ji's successful State Visit to
0 ,What about the Reddys the Ambanis, thecAdanis and the Shahs and all the BJP ministers who are looting the country?
0 , If Narendra Modis mum would have considered an abortion it would have been a wonderful gift to every son of India on
1 , Pappu and party are now targeting MP after Karnataka. Wake up now pls else Khangress can get a good marg
1 , If BJP wins Karnataka on the th, MP will become the test case for PM Modi for .
0 ,Dr Swamy bats for China too, but against commies in WB since their cadres are allegedly hands in glove with BJP out
0 , BJP, RSS caused biggest damage to Hinduism in recent times, says Shankaracharya Swaroopanand Saraswati
0 ,Congress and BJP" both parties are ruling since long time. But any party can't bring atmosphere like
0 ,This Modi is an ass h**e. Wh
0 ,Sir, rumors are ripe in Andhra Pradesh that BJP is planning alliance with ysrcp and/or janasena. Babu is s
0 , Rs lakh In Cash Seized, BJP Leaders Held. The arrested persons included BJP Jalpaiguri district secretary Shubhankar Ghosh a
0 , After that interview with Karan Thapar, Modi is permanently traumatized by all interviews its not just his anti-Musli
0 , Is the Congress in power? Who stopped the BJP from investigating?
1 ,Dear Voters of remember this wise advice of BJP leader before you vote in
0 , Modi giving Personal Training to Bhakt Gang
0 ,Modi should resign immediately
0 , One important Feedback from my few days on ground work. Modi impact on Middle class is going down and on lower class its
0 , This Modi is an ass h**e. When
0 ,Never Seen Such Storm,It Ws Massive // Bhagwan Ji is Nt Happy With Modi,Using Him Fr Votes //
0 ,I am spotted from Modi and yogi jihttps://
0 ,Till yrs back ,u idiots said Bjp will never open account in Kerala assembly.
0 ,From Godaulia Crossing, Benares, Asked one gentleman..How the Progress under Modi ji ! He has this to ans $NUMBER$
0 ,Letter to BS PM Narendra Modi sees threat in me, says Rahul Gandhi U
0 ,Why the hell do we need petrol and diesel from Arab countries ??? what happened to Modi cl
1 , Only a matter of time till Modiji starts juggling bottles and removes a rabbit from his head gear in an election rally...
0 , Le Monde refused to run Modi's interview after it was told to publish his written answers and not to interact with him.
0 ,. Win in Karnataka for BJP might mean G
0 , Even Kauravas only lusted for power just like BJP is getting desperate to grab Karnataka by hook or by crook.
0 ,And Modi is le
1 ,India's Modi slammed for false claims as key vote nears
0 ,Don't you think the BJP has done to do something illegally rather than CONGRESS.
0 , Desh ke rakshak aur fauj ke sewak- Nirmal Singh. BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, ac
1 ,Sir, But on ground Congress cam
0 ,Dumbo if you made your God as Modi that doesn't
0 , Think congress vl fall short of a majority that's y this dalit C.M card has been played to reach out to JDs if it happe
1 , BJP National President Shri will address 'Booth Karyakarta Sammelan' on th May in Goa.
0 ,BJP leader Priya Sethi exhorted on Sunday the mothers of "misguided youths" in Jammu and Kashmir to convince their
1 , Indian RW prides itself on being data driven.Yet I dont see them crying foul when Modi government keeps changing met
1 , BJP worker Vinayak Baliga and RTI activist was allegedly Murdered by hate monger 's good friend Naresh Shenoy. Baliga
1 ,Will it stop here or go beyond ? CBI set to charge PNB ex-MD in Nirav Modi scam today
1 , With such desh drohis holding fort in Jammu BJP, India needs no enemies. To save his illegal construction, Nirmal Singh
1 , The Congress party's president who is also out on bail on a financial matter, he should certainly comment and tell people of India
1 , When the PM is himself misogynistic, how would you eect his party to respect women? BJP's mentality is deeply rooted in mis
0 ,A Sikh who votes for the BJP is a naive fool or a paid puppet. Congress or BJP makes no difference, both are the sa
0 , And the funds come from modi
0 , CBI confirms rape charge against BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar c
0 ,You ask Shah, about his son, Modi about Nirav Modi, Adani, Gadkari about his in scams both i $NUMBER$
0 ,There can be thousands of such cases by Congis &amp; others during their rule.These shameless ppl have done
0 ,You have redifined the definition of A Karyakarta of BJP. $NUMBER$
0 ,From Godaulia Crossing, Benares, Asked one gentleman..How the Progress under Modi ji ! He has this to answer.
1 , I can tell you why BJP Union Ministers are campaigning in Karnataka
0 , I want to ask our opponents and the Congress whose senior party leaders have launched a book that /11 attack was an RSS conspira
1 , Prime Minister's new improved BJP dream team for Karnataka. FRESH out of jail, MODI-FIED and REDDY to steal.
0 ,MODI is full of fear and
0 , I attract anger from Mr Modi, because he sees a threat from me Congress President htt
1 ,Koyee nahin still EVM has enough power to vote in BJP.
0 , While the BJP is talking of anti-corruption, its candidate allegedly tries to bribe for a clean chit for looting Karnataka. W
0 , Modi world's th most powerful person (2015) ~ Forbes
1 , This is how Modi &amp; Yeddy are getting "Reddy" to loot Karnataka. Fortunately, the people of Karnataka will not let that hap
0 ,Would the torchbearers of secularism be silent if this is was happening in a BJP ruled state?The eerie silence is d
0 ,Modi is like a monkey holding sword.
0 , No Gaurav this man cannot be left with a warning. He has abused Modi so badly and his mother today!It hurts us
0 , BJP seems to b a single largest party and going to get clear majority to form d govt on it's own.
1 , In Karnataka, when it comes to corruption, its a No Contest as this graphic shows. The BJP wins hands down! https://t.c
0 , It's a clear fight in Karnataka. Clean Politics vs Dirty Politics. Mafia vs People. With the BJP fielding the corrupt Redd
0 ,Lightning and storm strike Delhi-NCR, UP, Bengal, Andhra; killed..PM Modi says Saddened by the loss of lives due
0 , The People Of Madhya Pradesh &amp; Because MP Has Become A State Of Scams &amp; Goons Of BJP.
0 ,BJP it is
1 , If the Congress does aspire for political success at the center, it needs to have strong regional play
0 ,I have never seen the committed Congress , which was seen in . The way Congres $NUMBER$
1 ,Gujarat riots happened in Modi's tenure. So what do you wanna imply here?
0 , The BJP doesn't understand the term 'Hindu.' When BJP uses the term 'Election Hindu' it defines their own perspective of the
1 , His tweets came after Sitharaman led the BJPs charge against the former finance minister over alleged corruption, likening h
0 ,Kavis correctly doing everything. This raise is eected after Karnataka election. Eenapiravi Modi
0 , Where is the contribution of Modi here??? India has shined before modi and India will shine without modi
0 , BJP IT Cell tried to bribe Lakh rupees to Mahavir in exchange for defaming me. This sting video ees their dirty tr
0 , To somehow win Karnataka, BJP has made a compromise with organised political crime and corruption with Ballaris Reddy br
0 , Why doesnt she ask Narendra Modi? Last I checked he was Prime Minister of India...
0 ,Press statement by AICC spokesperson on the the 'BJP's Vikram &amp; Baital'.
0 ,Anti incumbency of Modi Govt.
0 , AP And Telangana BJP Leaders To Meet Amit Shah In Delhi | TV5 News
0 , Pic :Modi posing for the camera pretending to sign a folder.
0 ,Pic :Modi posing for the camera pretending to spin a ch
1 , Army harassing people in J&amp;K - read the charge of RSS man BJP Dy CM of J&amp;K, Srijukt Nirmal Singh. All because Indian Army
1 ,BJP's fighting corruption is fake, or else, after exhausting four years of gover
0 , In Karnataka, Congress Vs BJP is a "no contest" as this graphic shows.
0 , Shri Narendra Modi
0 , Can BJP Bengal open Donation link for affected families.? People from all our India will help.
0 , Muslim TMC Karyakarta Bappa Sheikh arrestedfor raping the -month pregnant relative of a BJP candidate for
0 ,Imran Khan slams Nawaz Sharif, says he speaks PM Narendra Modi's language via
0 ,Lets learn Maths with BJP:
0 ,Astro-turf Hindutva The BJP Links Behind The Gurugram Namaz Disruption
0 , NOW 'Imaandari' test for Cong. BJP guns for Chidambaram, '$3 billion' black money charge. But Cong rubbishes 'vendetta'. Chi
0 , Probable victory of BJP in Karnataka Elections is eected to give impetus to the stock markets since this will add to the
0 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA u1 via
0 ,BJP will get around seats
0 ,When you go my rumour you need to question Shah and Modi about Gujarat, Up and
0 , "I would like PM Modi to visit Indira Canteens in Karnataka and replicate these Canteens in other BJP states":
0 ,CPM and BJP has no connection officially.
0 ,It's poor CPM cadres who are taking support of bjp cadres out of fear of
1 ,Dude y ru blaming bjp only . All political parties communalise for vote bank . British start c
1 , Dear Voters of remember this wise advice of BJP leader before you vote in
1 , "My mother is more Indian than many Indian people I see. She has sacrificed &amp; suffered for the country." Watch Congress Presi
0 , BJP MP Shatrughan Sinha hinted that he would contest the Lok Sabha polls from Patna Sahib constituency, from where he h
0 ,See what plans Modi govts top Defence Teacher has for the future.
0 , Sir How Many BJP Ministers visited you when you were in Jail?
0 ,Tewari Jung does that for congress / RG what it is alleging for BJP! / Modi.
0 ,You are one of the gem of bjp goverment.
0 ,BS Yeddyurappa BJP CM Candidate is going to Delhi today to fix the time with PM for his Swearing in C
0 ,Ask him which party's MP, mla, corporator are in.charge of that polluted lake! Answer is BJP
0 , BJP President to chair a meeting of the party's office-bearers today.
0 , Arrested Jalukbari BJP youth wing president Rajiv Dhar with Assam BJP Minister Pijush Hazarika
1 , "BJP will win $NUMBER$ seats" BS Yeddyurappa's forecast
1 , NDTV features the Prime Minister's new improved BJP dream team for Karnataka. FRESH out of jail, MODI-FIED and REDDY to st
1 ,She is same Manini who wrote congress wave in Gujarat elections...10 years later Bjp still ruling Gujarat and
1 , India's Modi slammed for false claims as key vote nears
0 , Congress will Return to Power in Karnataka
0 ,Congress $NUMBER$ seats.
0 ,BJP  $NUMBER$ seats
0 ,Yes that is the reason the country has choose Narendra Modi who is productive making our country safe &amp; prosperous
0 , Crackdown on shell companies Narendra Modi government, regulators now plan this move...
0 , because if It votes for BJp then there will be..
0 , I have never seen the committed Congress , which was seen in . The way Congress fought
0 , So you mean to say just because PM modi is about to Visit Indonesia the Sucide bombing took place....
0 ,  Why I Think BJP Will Get Way More Seats Than Eected
0 ,Rest of the pics are by BJP IT Cell.
0 ,Crackdown on shell companies Narendra Modi government, regulators now plan this move...
0 ,Crackdown on shell companies Narendra Modi government, regulators now plan this move...
0 ,Problem is modi is worst tha
1 , Premier K P Sharma Oli says he and Prime Minister Narendra Modi have to address "outstanding tasks" between the t
1 , Shame on the Modi government for deporting Daughter of Faiz Ahmed Faiz from In
0 ,feels shy to name BJP goons..
1 , Mr Modi! U didn't pay heed our pleadings of giving our homes in Noida Ext last yrs,instead yr spokesman be
0 ,I always bjp fan
0 , Typical BJP warning. Like first and last warning given to Vadra before elections.
1 , Another shame to the credits of Modi government.
1 , How does BJP &amp; Congress fund its party &amp; election machinery? Regional parties too will have to do the sam
1 , The anti-dalit mindset of BJP eed yet again. They are shameless and brazen about it too. The BJP needs to be a taught
0 ,Chota Modi ran away unnecessarily.
0 ,He could've joined the BJP &amp; grabbed some land outside an Army camp.
0 , modi ji  buyers &amp; consumers of being taken for ride....please help
0 , Mr. Modis speech at the Shangri La dialogue to set the course for engagement in the Indo-Pacific.
1 , Hahaha. Rahul Gandhi is just an MP &amp; party president which is in opposition. He is not PM or some minister.
0 , Rahul Gandhi is PM material because he answers tough questions like "Are you going to be PM in ?"
0 ,Modi is always asked
1 , BJP asks Congress President whether he will investigate 's foreign assets.
0 , Watch Modi's trysts with repeated blatant lies. Can India afford a PM who invents absolute total lies &amp; uses false propogan
0 , When BJP and IT Deptt has proofs, evidences and locations of Chiddu's billions of dollars of blackmoney, they why Govt is
0 ,It's poor CPM cadres who are taking support of bjp cadres out of fear of
1 ,All will end after election when MODI G with full majority, so start our ground work immediately.
0 ,Countrymen can never forget that it was Modi Ji who invite ISI to probe terrorist at
0 ,Battle hitting up . Yogi to campaign in Palghar? In Maharashtras Palghar, allies Shiv Sena and BJP up for a presti
0 ,BJP says all are one but your racist remark shows it is wrong and you ppl are born to be slaves.
0 ,$NUMBER$ After Modi's 'Chaiwala becoming PM' jibe, Amit has started his jibe 'Booth Worker becoming
0 ,Who Will Be Next Def Min of BJP - Harry Potter Modi or Doraemon Shah ?
1 , People asks Modi whether he will investigate , 's , Jay Shah money matters?
1 ,In reply, BJP asks Co
0 ,Modi is our PM. Who are you?
1 ,So unfortunate aadarniya modiji .sadar parnaam.i am a housewife my child needs loan for study in u.s.
0 , Modi's India deports a "liberal" Pak activist! Hope "liberals" here including HRCP will condemn this vociferously! http
0 ,ah ha...ok. Modi / RSS / Intolerance / Womens empowerment to blame?
0 , Modi sarkar rejects ceasefire in Kashmir during Ramzan ... project to continue
0 , Bhaktwas Noun. An act of speech by Modi fans which simultaneously combines and achieves (a) devotion to Modi, (b) invi
0 , The Congress started its "Vikas Khojo Yatra" from Dantewada district a day after Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh embarked on a "
0 ,BJP IT cell likely to employ him
0 , BJP &amp; VHP embezzled Crore Rupees donated by prople for construction of Ram Temple. Money spent to make Yogi Adityanath C
0 , Shame on Modi Government.
0 , Chota Modi ran away unnecessarily.
0 , Jalukbari BJP Youth wing president Rajiv Dhar arrested for smuggling with gold worth lacs.
0 ,It's very disappointing epfo ' s pensioners who getting below Rs. , in congress regime a committee was forme
1 , All will end after election when MODI G with full majority, so start our ground work immediately.
0 ,BJP only
0 , Everyone's prestige becomes stake in every election, like sometime Modi's Acid Test , some times BJP's acid t
0 , ah ha...ok. Modi / RSS / Intolerance / Womens empowerment to blame?
0 , What I hate is that most journalists even Rajdeep - subtly celebrate BJP more than any party.
0 ,In Gujarat BJP victory is a looses win. Used various te
0 , Only Nirav Modi and Mehulbhaiyya are absconding. But why haven't the others been arrested to prevent evidence from bein
0 , CPM and BJP has no connection officially.
0 ,It's poor CPM cadres who are taking support of bjp cadres out of fear of TMC.
1 ,CBI set to charge PNB ex-MD in Nirav Modi scam today via
1 ,BJP government is busy in Politicize Kashmir issue and poor Army ppls sufferi
0 , Dr Swamy bats for China too, but against commies in WB since their cadres are allegedly hands in glove with BJP out of
0 ,Rahat Indori Latest Mushaira at Bangalore and Best Reply to Modi Govt On... $NUMBER$ via
0 , Public Thrash BJP Corporator Anand for Misbehaving with a Woman at a Polling Booth in Hampinagar
0 ,BJP not winning
0 ,for BJP.
0 ,'Congress free India' is ahead.
0 ,Even if triangular mandate comes out,BJP will form Govt.
1 , . Height of political arrogance. BJP Union minister Rajen Gohain abuses a
0 ,I liked a video Ravish Kumar Prime Time May ; PM Modi's Fake speech on Nehru and Bhagat Singh.
0 ,Shame on India and Modi $NUMBER$
0 , A tree fell in front of BJP MLA Hema Malini's convoy in , following heavy rain and dust storm in the district yester
0 , BS Yeddyurappa BJP CM Candidate is going to Delhi today to fix the time with PM for his Swearing in Cerem
0 ,Perhaps you will not leave PMship &amp; there the BJP will be facing a wash out under your
0 , Yes I was standing in queue modi was getting such slangs many seniors were like for future generations democracy s
0 , Reading Books &amp; Literature not Modi Cup of Tea..He can read only Nusense Dramatical Dialogues do Nautanki
1 ,As Modi government turns , does his report card align with his poll promises?
1 , One local media house with unparalleled ground reach- Vijayavani-Digvijay News calls the elections for BJP.
0 ,BJP $NUMBER$
1 , Attacking BJP on GST said it was a good idea which was implemented badly. Taking a jibe with a Sher he sai
0 ,Reform Perform Transform  Latest development tracker of Modi governments schemes.
0 ,If someone replaces u then it's a cake walk for BJP...
0 , . Give Vote to BJP.
1 , Praying BJP wins the Karnataka polls. Jai Modi
0 , So BJP is winning in Karanataka....
0 , MODI is full of fear and inferi
0 ,Now the lion of the India roared once again. everyone feeling Cheer for Modi ji and now we are Dame sure that our
1 ,-Ground Report.Even core supporters of Cong&amp;BJP want coalition with J
0 , Only the bjp can place it's money on a year old thief like yeddyrupa... As far as claims by m
0 , Absolutely true...BJP means one more partition that can't be accepted...
0 ,Absolutely true...BJP means one more partition that can't be accepted...
0 , PM Modi has fulfilled promise of electrifying every village that was due for more than half a century
0 ,Its all fault of modi
0 ,Congratulations
1 ,Uncounted hindu are not satisfied the rule &amp; role of BJP. May some people are involving as oppositi $NUMBER$d1
0 ,Shanti Niketan is tops in making of amazing artists by Universities in the world :R.K. Sinha,MP,BJP via
1 ,Ap bjp new president kanna Lakshmi Narayana , ex congress minister as well son held for smuggling of liquor in $NUMBER$
0 ,With nothing to hurl at Modi, Barkha, the frog in the well came up with the most unusual croak to compare Siddaram
0 , Narendra Modi Prime Minister  Indias Temple Elephants Desperately in Need of Help - Sign the Petition! https://t.
0 , . president appoints Lakshminarayana, Raina as BJP's Andhra, JK chiefs
0 ,In order to hide the upcoming Karnataka defeat, Congress makes a hilarious claim that PM Modi C
0 , Reform Perform Transform  Latest development tracker of Modi governments schemes. u
1 , Will the Modi government get majority in Lok Sabha polls?
0 , feels shy to name BJP goons..
0 ,Congress made sure nobody mocks Pappu.. cannot do anything for abusing .this sums
0 ,This is Modi level talk, pls dont stoop so low!!
0 , All party leaders in AP have Congress roots... Chandra Babu ,jagan and Kanna, while Congress president raghuveera has BJP
0 ,Alternate route to Vaishno Devi shrine opened; Modi to inaugurate it on May
0 , LOL. Maha Police arrested this guy and its not an isolated case. BJP Govts. record shows they are the ones who us
0 , An old clipping which might interest you. Subhas Chadra Bose as BJP idol okay, said his daughter.
1 ,All three states he mentioned are non bjp Govt... why did this Pappu as
1 ,Will be good fun..he will get to know abt his aukat..even in lalu-nitish wave in , bjp polled more votes here
0 ,LOL. Maha Police arrested this guy and its not an isolated case. BJP Govts. record shows they are the on
1 , Who is good for Karnataka Politics? Public gives Dhaba journo answer- MODI, BJP
0 ,Agar ap aisa bologe to ap desh droohi ho Maggi Ji with Bjp
0 , BJP MP Savitri Bai Phule says nation staring at anarchy
0 , . One more BJP Minister frm Assam, Siddhartha Bhattacharyya is eloiting his father
0 , It's common man vs BJP..
0 ,BJP not crossing .
0 ,Modi ji is busy in buying bullet train. $NUMBER$
0 ,Le Monde refused to run Modi's interview after it was told to publish his written answers and not to interact with
0 , With nothing to hurl at Modi, Barkha, the frog in the well came up with the most unusual croak to compare Siddaramiah to Mo
0 ,Modi - Shivraj Gov In MP have De-centralized Corruption ..
0 , If even forty3 is ruling out a BJP majority
0 , The most scientific analysis forty3 predicts BJP coming to power on its own.
0 ,Only Modi ji
1 ,people are saying INC could win as many as seats in BLR itself, Reddy bros. damaged BJP big time
1 , Modi &amp; Yogi don't own families, so don't bother about others too.
1 ,BJP will win in Karnatak
0 ,bade note pitt raha Jai aajkal? Promotion promotion.. bjp president of Maharashtra? Good reward for asslicking
1 , Public of MP will not tolerate the Fake promises of *Lie Machine* (Modi) any more, Yes youth of MP wants change &amp; they
0 ,ARMY USE THE WORD ARMY . YOU BJP RSS RATS CANNOT KILL . DON'T TAKE CREDIT OF ARMY BY ASSOCIATI
1 , BJP still has an edge in Karnataka, but things shouldn't have come to this. A lot of learnings for the party
0 , India ready to be 'Sherpa' to help Nepal scale mountain of success PM Modi
0 , Dear  Let BJP spokespersons play low level politics. Your job is to tell us about &amp; . Do your jo
0 , So author and historian (ahem) and moralist followed by Modi agrees with his master that Bangalore is
0 , BJP's Gaurav Bhatia started conversation addressed to with the word "orgasm". She pointed out, such sexual words
0 , Asked how Modiji is working in his Varanasi Constitutency ..this is the reply by one Mr.Shobhit Agarwal --- theek hai! Mo
0 , North east of India remained neglected by all congress Govt only BJP cared the facts are here,
1 ,The test today for Modiji &amp; his sarkar is whether he would let Chidambharam &amp; family escape conviction &amp; Jail for s
0 ,Brainless politicians are running Haryana? Cancel these appointment. Why Haryana BJP should please India?
0 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA via
0 ,Now the lion of the India roared once again. everyone feeling Cheer for Modi ji and now we are Dame
0 ,This reveals the of BJP for .
0 ,Whether you wanna going to comment on your BJP MLA who are constantly being accused in Rape
1 , I seriously want BJP to loose Karnataka after gujrat if they havent woken up to reality that this Sab ka
0 , A slow start to cost escalation of Petrol and Diesel which were artificially kept unchanged since th April when PM Modi
0 ,Yes. All states require development. The leaders of BJP in each area must work
0 ,Debate on Kanna Lakshminarayana Appoint as AP BJP President | Morning Debate with VK | AP24x7
0 , Did you know that BJP IT Cell is not called that way? It's called IT Vibhaag and it's been that way since last years.
0 , Union Minister Sri And MaharashtraCM Sri Addressed BJP karyakartas and office bearers from Wa
1 , Ap bjp new president kanna Lakshmi Narayana , ex congress minister as well son held for smuggling of liquor in .
1 ,Whole world know still useless Congi govt couldn't do anything against them when the
1 ,Most think it would be better if you{PM} don't respond to RahulGandhy and let u
0 ,deshmukh claim of % M voted bjp giving me sleepless nught
0 ,Chota modi.
0 ,Lalit modi.
0 , BJP Will Easily Win Karnataka Elections.
0 , Nawaz Sharif modern-day Mir Zafar, speaking Modi's language against us:
0 ,This sense of humility and respectfulness makes Modi a torchbearer of Santan dharma.
1 ,Congress would have discussed as pre-poll to keep away bjp from the state K, it would be better.
0 ,This isn't a joke. He may very well become one. Has Modi made a single appointment on merits?
0 ,God bless Karnataka bjp.
0 , Sir Your Spirits / message will go a long way for BJP karyakartas
0 ,First a defulting firm buys land near ammuntion depot and starts construction. When objected by Army the BJP leader
0 ,BJP  $NUMBER$
0 , BJP workers reportedly thrash for not voting for the party in Yavgal village of district after confining th
1 ,Four years of Modi government per centof people say they are satisfied via
0 ,Not bio its bjp
0 ,PM Modi had addressed an Election Meeting in Remote Town of in and promised Lollipops to the D
1 , Ok. Now BJP has bagged rd state Karnataka too, What is next ? Can we eect Repealing of RTE, NGT &amp; passing ACB, UCC &amp;
0 , India has often flouted Kashmiri concerns. This trend has grown harsher since the BJP took power
0 ,BJP ticket in the offing...
0 ,Or do u fear voice of public whispering modi modi
0 , Siddaramaiah says this will be his last election, OK if Congress picks Dalit CM
0 ,Good job Geet ji we all should keep on eing the lies of this BJP Government
0 , Pressmeet on BJP and YSRCP conspiracy politics in AP. $NUMBER$
1 , She's got no confidence in modi and his cronies in govt
0 , Can't trust Amit Shah and Modi. They are capable of stooping to tempering as well. After all, even Yashwant Sinha has als
0 ,Sitaram Yechury compares PM Modi with 'Duryodhan' - Times of India
0 ,Even Modi can't buy an inch ,
0 ,Hon'bleSir, You have destroyed our faith&amp;trust that BJP is an honest par
0 ,To provide house to all that peoples ,who are economically weak and deprived , Prime Minister Shree Narendra Modi j
1 , I can't stand Modi. But this tweet of yours targets the poor mother. I wish you delete it. It's easy to go overboard on
0 ,Time to poll and ask if Modi should be held responsible and made to resign ..
0 , Tarakote Marg to Vaishno Devi shrine opened to pilgrims; Narendra Modi to inaugurate alternate route on May - First
1 ,I liked a video Your Morning Fix Five exit polls show BJP as the single largest party in a hung
0 ,Wat a soft idiot ur false priya warrior profile handler congi bootlicker modi has done tr
1 ,Hii modiji Good morning hv a great day lv u
0 ,Mr.Shashi tharoor,our country only safe and develop only Next year Modi Leadership So Don"t worry
1 , Real king of india is narendra modi
0 , Criminals together running the government, soo yuvraj of BJP will be protected by AM too PM
0 , Modi ji Temple Event on poll eve
0 , All day Campaigning for BJP as Modi being face, channel suddenly changed the face of BJP after exit polls data. Kyo Bhai? ht
0 ,M = Modiji
0 , BJP leader accusing Army because it protested illegally acquired land just cements the say
0 , For all followers of a blast from recent past Imran Khan, Modi hail improvement in Indo-Pak ties https://
0 ,. Modi visit successful, says Nepals PM Oli
0 ,Italian Meatballs.... RaGa claims his Mom was abused by Modi...LIAR... Sonia is the MOST ABUSIVE woman in Indian po
0 , My prediction for Karnataka BJP
0 ,Congress
0 , PM Narendra Modi gives Rs billion to develop Sitas birthplace $NUMBER$
0 , | Poll of exit polls show BJP leading in Karnataka with seats, Congress , JDS
0 ,Is there any chance in the near future that modi government is going to declassify secret files revealing what happened to Netaji?
0 , The stout defence of Modi by closet sanghis shows that he was voted for purely communal reasons. Because even asinine b
0 ,But spewing hate is considered as a skill in BJP IT Cell. So, Ashish Kaul can apply there with his strength
0 , Money power is behind this idiotic serial propaganda that BJP in Tamil Nadu must join will illiterate Rajni. The owners of CNN
0 , PM Modi constituency stops power theft with underground cables - Times of India via
1 ,Really this is height of abusive at end Mr Modi is PM of our country and for same we shld have respect
0 ,India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shas
0 , Controversial first-time MLA from Nowshera Ravinder Raina to head BJP in J&amp;K
0 ,BJP should stop doing dirty politics through LG.
0 , deshmukh claim of % M voted bjp giving me sleepless nught
0 , JAMMU A popular BJP MLA from Nowshera constituency of Jammu and Kashmir, Ravinder Raina has been unanimously elected as St
0 , Mr. Rahul Gandhi, before dreaming of becoming Indias PM, elain your secret British citizenship &amp; Bank account in the name o
0 , BJP feels PM Narendra Modi's local play will boost seat tally by - Economic Times
0 ,As i'm a citizen of Mp,i know wht is the work done by the bjp govt. and i'm happy with it.,Stop spread
0 , Mylapore Broker, Gurumurthy, Lie factory Madhu Kishwar &amp; Modi mouthpiece Rajiv Chandrasekar key speakers in event.
0 , Alternate route to Vaishno Devi shrine opened; Modi to inaugurate it on May
1 , India's Modi fights to capture southern Indian state - Reuters
1 , IT Sanghis in Bengaluru who support BJP and Modi are unbelievably dumb and have no clue that if BJP wins in KA, Bangalore w
0 , . Modi visit successful, says Nepals PM Oli
0 , Italian Meatballs.... RaGa claims his Mom was abused by Modi...LIAR... Sonia is the MOST ABUSIVE woman in Indian politics
0 ,BJP should discard those leaders having connection with business people in Karnataka pr
0 , BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA u1 via
0 , India ready to be 'Sherpa' to help Nepal scale mountain of success PM Modi ji
1 , Homebuyers hold silent protest in Noida before inauguration of Magenta Metro line section by PM Modi -
0 , Insiders say going on current trends the Congress will fall short of a majority, the JDS will come into play and the
1 , Badmouthing the army has now become a hobby for J&amp;K BJP.
0 ,APC LG congress Scheming, tension, manipulation characterised conduct in Gombe
1 ,Capt Amrinder Singh will not complete his year term as there is wide spread discomfort among nearly all Congres
0 , There is ONE representative in congress for roughly ,000 people. New England is only allotted total representativ
0 , The massive Karnataka victory will give us the irresistible tailwind going all the way into the assembl
1 , Now go back to my /11 ee and nexus of Congress
1 ,Congress is a separate branch of government, in case you didnt know it, Donny. Interesting thats all he wants in the next months.
1 , Rt Dipanker Jammu BJP has a problem with the Army as well! They don't want justice to prevail in Kathua, they don't ca
0 , PM Modi 'influencing' voters with Nepal visit Congress - Times of India
1 , No PM in our country has used the Office of the Prime Minister to say things about his opponent that Mr Modi has been do
0 , Narendra Modi visit successful, says Nepal's PM Oli - Hindustan Times
0 ,no offense but like apple, like bjp?
0 ,First a defulting firm buys land near ammuntion depot and starts construction. When objected by Army the BJP leader
0 ,Bjp is like dhoni cant predict can hit last ball six and win
0 ,The CBI is chargesheeting Allahabad Bank MD Usha Anananthasubramaniam in the Rs ,000-Cr Nirav Modi scam but is no
1 ,These are like ache din. You see it for some days and then gone. All national news channels showing BJP
0 ,Country not safe in BJP's hands Tharoor  Unlike some of our other statesmen who just know
0 , How Prime Minister Narendra Modi is waging a war on reality - DailyO
0 ,Good job pappu
0 ,Very innovated and motivated massage from Nepal by Sh Narender Modi..No political party have such a s
0 ,CONGRESS / OPPOSITION / PAKISTAN &amp;MUSLIMS R restless , desperate n offensive sensing
0 , We request Modiji to act against Defaulters and not the innocent employees of the company
0 ,Conductor Here, Thanks for Voting BJP. $NUMBER$U
0 ,/7 exit polls for bjp.. tammullu getting ready
1 ,In , a book named26/11  RSS ki Sazishwas released by Digvijay Singh. The book claims the RSS  ; BJP are behind /11
0 ,All Modi speeches should be preceded by a Statutory Warning:
0 ,"Prime Minister Rahul Gandhi should initiate an investigation against Mr. P Chidambram by ordering CBI" ~ Defence Minis
0 ,Why not add BJP manifesto and Modi Jis biography from SATYUG to DWAPARYUG, he fought again
0 ,Absolute must watch Ravish Kumar's lessons to Modi on history  ; his deliberate  ; repeated lies about Nehru, Bhagat Singh  ;
1 ,Modi tried his best to fulfil his promise of Rs.15 lakh to every Indian but anti-national Nehru didn't let
0 ,PM KP Sharma Oli wears matching Kurta as he welcomes visiting Indian PM Narendra Modi a
1 ,CPM chief Sitaram Yechury accuses Narendra Modi govt of keeping people 'away from reality' - Firstpost
0 ,There seems to have been a misunderstanding. The election results have not yet been announced and even if Congress wins, t
0 ,Has Narendra Modi's visit put India-Nepal relations back on firm footing? - Livemint
1 ,Rather,Modi govt should book Digvijay Singh for high treason for shielding real culprits and blaming Hindus for /11 https://t
0 ,Two Things That Could Stop Modi In The Next Elections
0 ,Modi is responsible for every statement made by every BJP supporting/voting Hindu in India, Gurmehar Kaur shouldnt be qu
0 ,Two Things That Could Stop Modi In The Next Elections
0 ,Highest voter turnout in Mysore region where we are predicting a major shift from JDS to Cong.. Mumbai Karnataka, BJP
0 ,Wrong - You are what you are not because of BJP, but because of your Saheb and Saheb only. You know, the world know
1 ,Shame on the Modi government for deporting Daughter of Faiz Ahmed Faiz from India and stopping her from participating in the
0 ,Pseudo-Nationalists of BJP attack Indian Army calling it politically motivated as Army opposes building of houses by BJP
0 ,You are one person who can prove loyalty to the best. Whatever Cong is you will question /years o Cd
1 ,Senior BJP leader  ; Ex Deputy CM of J ;K accuses Indian army of harassing people in J ;K. The reason is, army has objected
1 ,Till when will BJP keep fooling ppl? Changing base years to look good doesn't gets jobs
1 ,They r busy linking MRIs as dictated by the crown prince . Pl hold your horses BJP
0 ,BJP leadership must remember that Cong has lost the trust and result is Their no in Lok Sabha, Hopes history will repeat w
1 ,When Digvijaya Singh did this, he did this with a intention of polarising minority community in favour of the Cong party:
0 ,Has Narendra Modi's visit put India-Nepal relations back on firm footing? - Livemint
1 ,CPM chief Sitaram Yechury accuses Narendra Modi govt of keeping people 'away from reality' - Firstpost
0 ,What job used to do? What he was doing so important that Modi has taken it? Did Modi banned all the medi
0 ,BJPs support for rape culture has sickeningly led them to even withhold funds for rape survivors. How much longer will Indian wom
0 ,Any 'naamdar, kaamdar, daamdar or samajhdaar' can become PM in India, says BJP leader Shatrughan Sinha - Firstpost
0 ,Facts and numbers speak louder than 'jumlas.' Watch this to know how Congress-ruled Karnataka fares much better than BJP's
0 ,My prediction for Karnataka BJP $NUMBER$. JDS second and Congi third
0 ,My book suggestions for PM Modi to read Pandit Nehru's An Autobiogr
1 ,This is how the fascist Narendra Modi govt has throttled voices of dissent in , murdered freedom of speech.
0 ,BJP controls ACB, CBI, Police and all investigative agencies one can think of!
0 ,As there is model code of conduct in Karnataka, PM Modi planned to pray at temples in Nepal instead, j
0 ,Nepal PM Oli Requests Modi to Provide Exchange Facility for Demonetised Notes - News18 $NUMBER$
0 ,If P Chidambaram joins BJP he can be clean ?or the charges can be diluted ? Can you rule out any such possibilities ?
1 ,Bengal Killing of opposition continues unabated. A Adivasi BJP activist Jagannath Tudu was killed today by TMC goons.
0 , Of course Modi has larger stakes than Rahul. A brilliant student scoring % will be scolded &amp; punished if he scores % and
0 ,In his statement Nawaz Sharif has admitted that Marvi Sarmad was gang raped by Nawaz Sharif, Modi, RAW Chief and Asif Zardari.
0 , Since independence Congress making the goof of Indian by playing caste &amp; religion game. Young voters know the truth.
0 , At , Heeraben, mother of PM Modi, went to the bank to exchange Rs she didn't need. is a symbolic celeb
0 ,This turncoat spewed venom against on TV debates in his pre-Modi chamcha day
1 , In the rush to attack Modi's very real factual errors, let us not absolve the Congress' equally real faults. It is a fac
1 ,how much did modi pay ex pm sharif to say that
0 , President Rahul Gandhi slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi over allegations that candidate B
0 , The two-day visit of PM Narendra Modi to , his third since assuming office in , will see him make a stop at
1 , In the past years, farmer suicides have touched ,000. Modi govt wont commit to a farm-loan waiver of just ,20,000
1 , Policy after policy, scheme after scheme stands testimony to the many failures of the government led by Modi Ji. The lat
0 , People like this voted Modi in. From Akhlaq to Asifa, from Rohith Vemula to Santoshi of Jharkhand, there are many who di
1 , When will the Modi government realise the importance of these reports and numbers? The answer is probably never. Accepti
0 ,Since the crackdown on black money by modi ..all these block to white covert operator are in trouble
0 , AICC press briefing by spokesperson on years of the Modi Govt.
0 ,As per most of the , neither BJP nor Congress, it would be Amit Shah in Karnataka.
1 ,What Modi and Shah did in Gujarat in the name of terrorism, M L Khattar is doing in the name of cow, Adityanath in the name
0 ,That was fixed match between Chic\du and Trojan Horses in BJP like Ravi shankar Prasad &amp; AJ.
0 , India's global poverty rank improves as result of performance by non-BJP, non-Hindi states. It's global poverty rank would be m
0 , I learn that some elements of WB BJP are not averse to undisclosed seat adjustment with with Communists to defeat Trinamul Con
0 , Today PM Modi went to Nepal and Visited the Holy Place &amp; wrote a Note by his own as a Gesture also undersigne
0 , MIRROR NOW EXCLUSIVE BJP IT Cell man admits how election battles are fought; reveals BJPs game plan. Hear him divulge soci
0 , Modi's Rafale deal-a loss of ,632 Cr.
1 , BJP National President Shri ji will address 'Booth Karyakarta Sammelan' on th May in Goa.
1 , BJP asks Congress President whether he will investigate 's foreign assets.
0 , Karnataka elections saw Modi take political discourse to a new low | |
0 , Tweeters say I promote personal gains. I'm not in BJP.None knows me. Drawn Hinduism due2its lofty philosop
0 , Read How both UPA &amp; BJP Govts &amp; the SC (including present CJI Mishra) protected former CJI Balakrishnan from charges of mis
0 , Congress leader said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited at Nepals temples just to influence voter
0 , Will LG be able to muster courage to act against alleged BJP goons?
0 , AICC press briefing by spokesperson on years of the Modi Govt.
0 , Modi ji confessing what he gets from Unemployed youth after breaking his promise of generating crore jobs per year. (
1 , The Congress and Congress culture bring with it these evils. It is important to keep Karnataka away from Congress. https:
0 , When Dr was single hand eing ex FM PC for his Corruption,foreign assets Bank accounts,No one from BJP helped
0 ,Yess! Maybe Ill vote for BJP now becoz they also love (thats one way to
1 , When Dr conducted press conference during Modi Govt tenure eing Ex FM PC , electronic,print media all delib
1 ,&gt; Muslims &amp; Christians have totally and unitedly voted against BJP
0 , Nirmal Singh, Deputy CM of J&amp;K, a BJP man, attacks the army, says they are politically motivated. Shameful.
1 ,CPI(M) General Secretary Sitaram Yechury says Narendra Modi wants to keep people away from reality
1 ,Mass walkovers, BJP-CPI(M) alliances and four other bizarre things about the Bengal panchayat polls d
1 ,Mass walkovers, BJP-CPI(M) alliances and four other bizarre things about the Bengal panchayat polls u
0 ,Public reply to dubbing journalist Rajdeep Sardesai - MODI, BJP
0 ,Congress Sharif moment? BJP on cases against P Chidambarams family
0 , BJP candidate's saree torn off in Arambagh Bengal. Maybe it is too small a news for media. It's okay guys God is watchin
0 ,|| Damn we still need a Magni and Modi tho!
0 , This kind of scum is now being appointed as fellow to the Nehru Museum and Memorial Library. Well, give it to the BJP-
0 , See... BJP introduced Guha as eminent historian
0 ,BJP councillors son shoots at student, booked for attempt to murder
0 ,INC dividing Langayats, Patidars, SC/ST, OBC, Muslims, and you're saying the BJP is dividing? Such blatant lies are
0 ,Hahahhaa not surprise its B team of bjp
0 , You probably found a more profitable work tweeting against Modi. Else, you won't be
1 , Bjp brought extremisim in indian politics. Fuck BJP...
0 ,How many BJP govts have ruled UP and Centre since then.
0 , Why There Is But No ? What's The Deal With Storm Modi Ji?
0 , After beating chief secretary of Delhi Govt, Kejriwal threatens BJP supporters with violence. Kejriwal is a threat to de
0 , All ministers and MLAs will walk upto LG house from my residence on Monday at pm to urge Honble LG not to follow BJP
0 , Modi is lowering the bar of political discourse in India with alarming frequency -
1 ,Arey fattu if your comedy is only based on Modi then it seems like you don't have any other stuff. Tr
1 , Worthlessly Redundant Lutyens Loser hates Modi from every pore of her body... But wants to compare Sidda to his goo
0 ,MEP is B team of bjp bjp playing dirty politics divide &amp; rules....
1 ,"Congress ko vote doge, to Rah
0 ,Police Complaint against Dhruv Rathee! | BJP IT Cell Part
0 ,Despite this, modi will struggle to win banaras, thanks to presstitute
0 , LIVE  Shri is addressing a press conference at BJP HQ. $NUMBER$
0 , Star campaigners of BJP;
0 , BJP not crossing .
0 ,Modi ji is busy in buying bullet train. $NUMBER$
0 ,Le Monde refused to run Modi's interview after it was told to publish his written answers and not to interact with
0 , With nothing to hurl at Modi, Barkha, the frog in the well came up with the most unusual croak to compare Siddaramiah to Mo
0 ,Modi - Shivraj Gov In MP have De-centralized Corruption ..
0 , If even forty3 is ruling out a BJP majority
0 , The most scientific analysis forty3 predicts BJP coming to power on its own.
0 ,Only Modi ji
1 ,people are saying INC could win as many as seats in BLR itself, Reddy bros. damaged BJP big time
1 , Modi &amp; Yogi don't own families, so don't bother about others too.
1 ,BJP will win in Karnatak
0 ,bade note pitt raha Jai aajkal? Promotion promotion.. bjp president of Maharashtra? Good reward for asslicking
1 , Public of MP will not tolerate the Fake promises of *Lie Machine* (Modi) any more, Yes youth of MP wants change &amp; they
0 ,ARMY USE THE WORD ARMY . YOU BJP RSS RATS CANNOT KILL . DON'T TAKE CREDIT OF ARMY BY ASSOCIATI
1 , BJP still has an edge in Karnataka, but things shouldn't have come to this. A lot of learnings for the party
0 , India ready to be 'Sherpa' to help Nepal scale mountain of success PM Modi
0 , Dear  Let BJP spokespersons play low level politics. Your job is to tell us about &amp; . Do your jo
0 , So author and historian (ahem) and moralist followed by Modi agrees with his master that Bangalore is
0 , BJP's Gaurav Bhatia started conversation addressed to with the word "orgasm". She pointed out, such sexual words
0 , Asked how Modiji is working in his Varanasi Constitutency ..this is the reply by one Mr.Shobhit Agarwal --- theek hai! Mo
0 , North east of India remained neglected by all congress Govt only BJP cared the facts are here,
1 ,The test today for Modiji &amp; his sarkar is whether he would let Chidambharam &amp; family escape conviction &amp; Jail for s
0 ,Brainless politicians are running Haryana? Cancel these appointment. Why Haryana BJP should please India?
0 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA via
0 ,Now the lion of the India roared once again. everyone feeling Cheer for Modi ji and now we are Dame
0 ,This reveals the of BJP for .
0 ,Whether you wanna going to comment on your BJP MLA who are constantly being accused in Rape
1 , I seriously want BJP to loose Karnataka after gujrat if they havent woken up to reality that this Sab ka
0 , A slow start to cost escalation of Petrol and Diesel which were artificially kept unchanged since th April when PM Modi
0 ,Yes. All states require development. The leaders of BJP in each area must work
0 ,Debate on Kanna Lakshminarayana Appoint as AP BJP President | Morning Debate with VK | AP24x7
0 , Did you know that BJP IT Cell is not called that way? It's called IT Vibhaag and it's been that way since last years.
0 , Union Minister Sri And MaharashtraCM Sri Addressed BJP karyakartas and office bearers from Wa
1 , Ap bjp new president kanna Lakshmi Narayana , ex congress minister as well son held for smuggling of liquor in .
1 ,Whole world know still useless Congi govt couldn't do anything against them when the
1 ,Most think it would be better if you{PM} don't respond to RahulGandhy and let u
0 ,deshmukh claim of % M voted bjp giving me sleepless nught
0 ,Chota modi.
0 ,Lalit modi.
0 , BJP Will Easily Win Karnataka Elections.
0 , Nawaz Sharif modern-day Mir Zafar, speaking Modi's language against us:
0 ,This sense of humility and respectfulness makes Modi a torchbearer of Santan dharma.
1 ,Congress would have discussed as pre-poll to keep away bjp from the state K, it would be better.
0 ,This isn't a joke. He may very well become one. Has Modi made a single appointment on merits?
0 ,God bless Karnataka bjp.
0 , Sir Your Spirits / message will go a long way for BJP karyakartas
0 ,First a defulting firm buys land near ammuntion depot and starts construction. When objected by Army the BJP leader
0 ,BJP  $NUMBER$
0 , BJP workers reportedly thrash for not voting for the party in Yavgal village of district after confining th
1 ,Four years of Modi government per centof people say they are satisfied via
0 ,Not bio its bjp
0 ,PM Modi had addressed an Election Meeting in Remote Town of in and promised Lollipops to the D
1 , Ok. Now BJP has bagged rd state Karnataka too, What is next ? Can we eect Repealing of RTE, NGT &amp; passing ACB, UCC &amp;
0 , India has often flouted Kashmiri concerns. This trend has grown harsher since the BJP took power
0 ,BJP ticket in the offing...
0 ,Or do u fear voice of public whispering modi modi
0 , Siddaramaiah says this will be his last election, OK if Congress picks Dalit CM
0 ,Good job Geet ji we all should keep on eing the lies of this BJP Government
0 , Pressmeet on BJP and YSRCP conspiracy politics in AP. $NUMBER$
1 , She's got no confidence in modi and his cronies in govt
0 , Can't trust Amit Shah and Modi. They are capable of stooping to tempering as well. After all, even Yashwant Sinha has als
0 ,Sitaram Yechury compares PM Modi with 'Duryodhan' - Times of India
0 ,Even Modi can't buy an inch ,
0 ,Hon'bleSir, You have destroyed our faith&amp;trust that BJP is an honest par
0 ,To provide house to all that peoples ,who are economically weak and deprived , Prime Minister Shree Narendra Modi j
1 , I can't stand Modi. But this tweet of yours targets the poor mother. I wish you delete it. It's easy to go overboard on
0 ,Time to poll and ask if Modi should be held responsible and made to resign ..
0 , Tarakote Marg to Vaishno Devi shrine opened to pilgrims; Narendra Modi to inaugurate alternate route on May - First
1 ,I liked a video Your Morning Fix Five exit polls show BJP as the single largest party in a hung
0 ,Wat a soft idiot ur false priya warrior profile handler congi bootlicker modi has done tr
1 ,Hii modiji Good morning hv a great day lv u
0 ,Mr.Shashi tharoor,our country only safe and develop only Next year Modi Leadership So Don"t worry
1 , Real king of india is narendra modi
0 , Criminals together running the government, soo yuvraj of BJP will be protected by AM too PM
0 , Modi ji Temple Event on poll eve
0 , All day Campaigning for BJP as Modi being face, channel suddenly changed the face of BJP after exit polls data. Kyo Bhai? ht
0 ,M = Modiji
0 , BJP leader accusing Army because it protested illegally acquired land just cements the say
0 , For all followers of a blast from recent past Imran Khan, Modi hail improvement in Indo-Pak ties https://
0 ,. Modi visit successful, says Nepals PM Oli
0 ,Italian Meatballs.... RaGa claims his Mom was abused by Modi...LIAR... Sonia is the MOST ABUSIVE woman in Indian po
0 , My prediction for Karnataka BJP
0 ,Congress
0 , PM Narendra Modi gives Rs billion to develop Sitas birthplace $NUMBER$
0 , | Poll of exit polls show BJP leading in Karnataka with seats, Congress , JDS
0 ,Is there any chance in the near future that modi government is going to declassify secret files revealing what happened to Netaji?
0 , The stout defence of Modi by closet sanghis shows that he was voted for purely communal reasons. Because even asinine b
0 ,But spewing hate is considered as a skill in BJP IT Cell. So, Ashish Kaul can apply there with his strength
0 , Money power is behind this idiotic serial propaganda that BJP in Tamil Nadu must join will illiterate Rajni. The owners of CNN
0 , PM Modi constituency stops power theft with underground cables - Times of India via
1 ,Really this is height of abusive at end Mr Modi is PM of our country and for same we shld have respect
0 ,India not safe in BJPs hands as nation cannot be built on divides Shas
0 , Controversial first-time MLA from Nowshera Ravinder Raina to head BJP in J&amp;K
0 ,BJP should stop doing dirty politics through LG.
0 , deshmukh claim of % M voted bjp giving me sleepless nught
0 , JAMMU A popular BJP MLA from Nowshera constituency of Jammu and Kashmir, Ravinder Raina has been unanimously elected as St
0 , Mr. Rahul Gandhi, before dreaming of becoming Indias PM, elain your secret British citizenship &amp; Bank account in the name o
0 , BJP feels PM Narendra Modi's local play will boost seat tally by - Economic Times
0 ,As i'm a citizen of Mp,i know wht is the work done by the bjp govt. and i'm happy with it.,Stop spread
0 , Mylapore Broker, Gurumurthy, Lie factory Madhu Kishwar &amp; Modi mouthpiece Rajiv Chandrasekar key speakers in event.
0 , Alternate route to Vaishno Devi shrine opened; Modi to inaugurate it on May
1 , India's Modi fights to capture southern Indian state - Reuters
1 , IT Sanghis in Bengaluru who support BJP and Modi are unbelievably dumb and have no clue that if BJP wins in KA, Bangalore w
0 , . Modi visit successful, says Nepals PM Oli
0 , Italian Meatballs.... RaGa claims his Mom was abused by Modi...LIAR... Sonia is the MOST ABUSIVE woman in Indian politics
0 ,BJP should discard those leaders having connection with business people in Karnataka pr
0 , BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA u1 via
0 , India ready to be 'Sherpa' to help Nepal scale mountain of success PM Modi ji
1 , Homebuyers hold silent protest in Noida before inauguration of Magenta Metro line section by PM Modi -
0 , Insiders say going on current trends the Congress will fall short of a majority, the JDS will come into play and the
1 , Badmouthing the army has now become a hobby for J&amp;K BJP.
0 ,Why is BJP still in this coalition
0 ,BJPs own Dynast
0 ,But I feel there is very little chances for BJP otherwise in WB seeing the high handedness of incumbent Govt.
0 , A page called "Narendra Modi fans from Karunadu" made fun of HDK's trip to singapore which was apparently for medical
0 ,...Disruption !!! Disruption!!!..Blinded by hate towards Modi is going to take u on t
0 ,BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account NPA via
0 ,He was the main campaigner for Congress in Karnataka!!
1 ,The credit will go to if Congress party wins the election Karnataka CM
1 , Dear Voters of remember this wise advice of BJP leader before you vote in https://t.
0 , why the hell are people interlinking modi's visit to Nepal and Sandeep Lamichhane's debut game?
0 ,Dear Arun and Modi sir.. - pls save
0 ,My prediction is irrespective of seats they get, Cong claims vi
1 , To secure a police officer (who fixed Nambi in the false spy case) to target Modi in Gujarat, Sonia govt virtually destroy
1 ,% believe Modi government on track to deliver its promises Survey
1 ,On pressing Banking, vote went to BJP.. Haddh hai yaar..
0 ,PM Modi's quotes via NMApp
1 , In a bid to counter its image of being seen as anti-Dalit, Modi govt decided to bring an ordinance to nullify court verdict on S
1 , Modi governments policies can be likened to a movie whose trailer and advertisements look so promising that people are
0 , Is it Modi and Yogi who are destroying heritage of Kashi? Or someone else?
0 ,Love Modi for a fitti
0 ,"BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, account N
0 , Prime Minister of India, His Excellency Sri Narendra Modi ji and I have agreed, during Modi Ji's successful State Visit to
0 ,What about the Reddys the Ambanis, thecAdanis and the Shahs and all the BJP ministers who are looting the country?
0 , If Narendra Modis mum would have considered an abortion it would have been a wonderful gift to every son of India on
1 , Pappu and party are now targeting MP after Karnataka. Wake up now pls else Khangress can get a good marg
1 , If BJP wins Karnataka on the th, MP will become the test case for PM Modi for .
0 ,Dr Swamy bats for China too, but against commies in WB since their cadres are allegedly hands in glove with BJP out
0 , BJP, RSS caused biggest damage to Hinduism in recent times, says Shankaracharya Swaroopanand Saraswati
0 ,Congress and BJP" both parties are ruling since long time. But any party can't bring atmosphere like
0 ,This Modi is an ass h**e. Wh
0 ,Sir, rumors are ripe in Andhra Pradesh that BJP is planning alliance with ysrcp and/or janasena. Babu is s
0 , Rs lakh In Cash Seized, BJP Leaders Held. The arrested persons included BJP Jalpaiguri district secretary Shubhankar Ghosh a
0 , After that interview with Karan Thapar, Modi is permanently traumatized by all interviews its not just his anti-Musli
0 , Is the Congress in power? Who stopped the BJP from investigating?
1 ,Dear Voters of remember this wise advice of BJP leader before you vote in
0 , Modi giving Personal Training to Bhakt Gang
0 ,Modi should resign immediately
0 , One important Feedback from my few days on ground work. Modi impact on Middle class is going down and on lower class its
0 , This Modi is an ass h**e. When
0 ,Never Seen Such Storm,It Ws Massive // Bhagwan Ji is Nt Happy With Modi,Using Him Fr Votes //
0 ,I am spotted from Modi and yogi jihttps://
0 ,Till yrs back ,u idiots said Bjp will never open account in Kerala assembly.
0 ,From Godaulia Crossing, Benares, Asked one gentleman..How the Progress under Modi ji ! He has this to ans $NUMBER$
0 ,Letter to BS PM Narendra Modi sees threat in me, says Rahul Gandhi U
0 ,Why the hell do we need petrol and diesel from Arab countries ??? what happened to Modi cl
1 , Only a matter of time till Modiji starts juggling bottles and removes a rabbit from his head gear in an election rally...
0 , Le Monde refused to run Modi's interview after it was told to publish his written answers and not to interact with him.
0 ,. Win in Karnataka for BJP might mean G
0 , Even Kauravas only lusted for power just like BJP is getting desperate to grab Karnataka by hook or by crook.
0 ,And Modi is le
1 ,India's Modi slammed for false claims as key vote nears
0 ,Don't you think the BJP has done to do something illegally rather than CONGRESS.
0 , Desh ke rakshak aur fauj ke sewak- Nirmal Singh. BJP leaders firm that bought Nagrota land owes Rs $NUMBER$ crore to J&amp;K Bank, ac
1 ,Sir, But on ground Congress cam
0 ,Dumbo if you made your God as Modi that doesn't
0 , Think congress vl fall short of a majority that's y this dalit C.M card has been played to reach out to JDs if it happe
1 , BJP National President Shri will address 'Booth Karyakarta Sammelan' on th May in Goa.
0 ,BJP leader Priya Sethi exhorted on Sunday the mothers of "misguided youths" in Jammu and Kashmir to convince their
1 , Indian RW prides itself on being data driven.Yet I dont see them crying foul when Modi government keeps changing met
1 , BJP worker Vinayak Baliga and RTI activist was allegedly Murdered by hate monger 's good friend Naresh Shenoy. Baliga
1 ,Will it stop here or go beyond ? CBI set to charge PNB ex-MD in Nirav Modi scam today
1 , With such desh drohis holding fort in Jammu BJP, India needs no enemies. To save his illegal construction, Nirmal Singh
1 , The Congress party's president who is also out on bail on a financial matter, he should certainly comment and tell people of India
1 , When the PM is himself misogynistic, how would you eect his party to respect women? BJP's mentality is deeply rooted in mis
0 ,A Sikh who votes for the BJP is a naive fool or a paid puppet. Congress or BJP makes no difference, both are the sa
0 , And the funds come from modi
0 , CBI confirms rape charge against BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar c